sap, sad, sob, set, sub, strap, scrap, spread, stop, shot, staff, step, stag,
stud, stuff, star, stab, scab, scar, scat, skull, spat, spot, sped, spar

you, it, he, the, I, were, with, to the, would, had, is, are, be, could, can,
company, will, letter, remember, today, open, what, when, which, where, about,
did, at the, in, some, any, ask, help, month, credit, consider, if, of, have,
inform, information, very, many, this, until, well, account, on, and, yes, yes,
sir, no, sir, Ben, not, but, why, accident

emerge, resist, rebate, absorb, afford, hammer, candid, sandwich, locate,
forest, anchor, walnut, abort, escape, hammock, invoke, across, retail, leader,
really, famous, window, billfold, sodium, animal, podium, golden, demean,
climax, fathom, octave, remain, origin, revise, coffee, summer, family, jacket,
glory, lumber

Frida was frustrated.
The fresh fruit was frozen.
The franchise sold fragrances.
Fran fretted about the loss.
Tom loaded the fragile freight on the front of the freighter.
On Friday, you are free.
The frisky frog was not frail.
Please tell Mark to park the car and walk to work.
The arc is made of cork.
Did the berserk man lurk in the bushes.
The barge was large.
Did he forge through the gorge?
The dirge was played by George.
Her handshake was warm and firm.
The worm was found in the berm on the farm.
What is the form for the term paper?
The germ will cause harm to your arm.
The alarm sounded after the storm.
Did Gaye perform with charm and grace for the firm?

of the, are the, is a, with a, had the, had a, with the

Mr. Brown of the West Coast branch, is a principal speaker at our next meeting.
He had a very good first year with the company. We are the third group of
salesmen he will address with a goal towards increasing sales. I had the
pleasure of meeting him at our sales convention. Are the sales figures from last
quarter available?

---

habeas corpus, lex, status quo, ante

Habeas corpus deals with persons who may be unjustly detained in custody. A writ
of habeas corpus is the court's formal demand that a person be released from
unjustified detention. Habeas corpus literally means "you have the body". Lex is
a basic root word meaning "the law". Lex, when combined with "con", forms the
word "lexicon", meaning a dictionary of legal terms. "Status quo" means "the way
things are at a given point in time". "Status quo" also refers to the original
position of the existing facts prior to a cause of action. "Ante" is a Latin
word meaning "before". "Antebellum" means "before the war", "antemortem" means
"before death", and "antepartum" means "before childbirth".

Make Peace With Imperfection

I've yet to meet an absolute perfectionist whose life was filled with inner
peace. The need for perfection and the desire for inner tranquility conflict
with each other. Whenever we are attached to having something a certain way
better than it already is, we are almost by definition engaged in a losing
battle. Rather than being content and grateful, we are focused on what's wrong
with something, and our need to fix it. When we are zeroed in on what's wrong,
it implies that we are dissatisfied or discontent. Whether it's related to
ourselves, a disorganised closet, a scratch on the car, an imperfect
accomplishment, a few pounds we would like to lose, or someone else's
imperfections, the way someone looks, behaves, or lives their life, the very act
of focusing on imperfection pulls us away from our goal of being kind and
gentle. This strategy has nothing to do with ceasing to do your very best, but
with being overly attached and focused on what's wrong with life. It's about
realising that while there's always a better way to do something, this doesn't
mean that you can't enjoy and appreciate the way things already are. The
solution here is to catch yourself when you fall into your habit of insisting
that things should be other than they are. Gently remind yourself that life is
okay the way it is right now. In the absence of your judgment, everything would
be fine. As you begin to eliminate your need for perfection in all areas of your
life, you'll begin to discover the perfection in life itself.

Let's speak objectively regarding the matter at hand. There are certain matters
which may be considered by the witness informing an opinion as to the fair
market value of the Florence property. When evidence of such matters has been
received, it may be considered only for the very limited and special purpose of
enabling one to understand and weigh the testimony of the witnesses as to their
opinion of the fair market value of the Florence property. Among pertinent
matters which should be considered are the following. First, the area and the
location of the Florence property, the uses for which it may be adapted, it's
proximity to nearby shopping malls and commercial facilities. The accessibility
and the availability of public transportation and the zoning of the Florence
property. Second, the nature of physical improvements on the property, and the
general character of the neighbourhood in the vicinity of the Florence property.
The character of the current uses being made of such other properties, and the
trend for land use and development in the immediate neighbourhood. Third, the
price and important monetary considerations of any sale or contract to sell and
purchase the Florence property, or any other properties which are considered to
be comparable in value to the defendant's property. Generally, the more similar
one property is to another, the closer the value of the one may be expected to
approach the value of the other. Fourth, a witness may also consider the rent,
fees, and charges, or any other terms and circumstances of any lease of the
subject property, or of a property of comparable value. Fifth, a witness may
consider the capitalisation rate of the reasonable net rental value attributable
to the land, and to any existing improvements. Sixth, a witness may also
consider the replacement value as indicated by the value of the land, together
with the cost of replacing, or reproducing the existing improvements thereon,
less any depreciation the improvements have suffered. Seventh, a witness may
also consider the reasonable probability, if any, of a change in zoning
restrictions in the near future, and the effect such a change would have upon
the value of the property. As you have been previously informed, evidence should
be considered only for the purpose of enabling one to understand and weigh the
testimony of the witnesses as to their opinions of market value.

Heroes for Today
Every town and city in America has its own example of courage, kindness, and
decency. Here are three.
The trouble started at 9:30 p.m. last New Year's Eve in Newark, New Jersey when
Engine 5 arrived at the fire, and an elderly woman was sitting in a third floor
window, leaning out. Firefighters braced a ladder against the wooden tenement
and 26 year old Marcus Reddick climbed 35 feet to the third floor. Marcus was so
nimble, he would slide down the fire station pole upside down. Sabrina Yubeta,
68 and stocky, was sitting with both feet out of the window. When Marcus reached
the top, the hysterical woman wrapped her legs around him. Seeing that Marcus
was having difficulty, another firefighter climbed up to help. For several
seconds he held Marcus's legs while Marcus held Sabrina. It was a fragile
balance. Suddenly, Marcus fell backward off the ladder, with the large woman
sitting on him. Marcus landed first, hitting a concrete wall beside the front
stairs and broke the woman's fall. She fell no more, but he bounced another ten
feet down the basement stairs. When the fire chief reached him, Marcus was
unconscious, bleeding from his ears. Within an hour, a paramedic told the men
that Marcus was nearly brain-dead and would only get worse. Doctors talked of
turning off life support equipment, and asked if the family wanted to donate his
organs. The answer was "yes". On January 6, firefighters lifted Marcus's coffin,
draped in an American flag, on to a red fire engine. Hundreds of firefighters
from all over the state joined the procession through Newark streets. Children
watched from school windows. As the coffin passed a fire house, the crew on duty
saluted. At church, the reading was about the just man who dieth early. The day
Marcus died, his heart was donated to Carlos Torres, age 45, who had been
steadily deteriorating. Officials said it was the life, or second life Marcus
had saved that week.

The School that Pride Built
The Hickory Flats school, with 360 students, is in one of the smallest and
poorest school districts in Mississippi. Since the mid-1960s, the district had
housed its elementary classes in four run down trailers, with sagging floors,
leaky roofs, and doors that would not close in winter. The 500 people who live
in Hickory Flat spent six years looking for money to build a new school. State
and federal officials told them there was no money. Three times in the late
1990s the district asked voters to float a bond issue to pay for the
construction. The proposal passed inside the school district boundaries, but was
defeated elsewhere in the county. So, over two years, residents started raising
money: raised $965,000 by soliciting donations, and putting on fish fries,
hamburger dinners, and auctions. An additional $75,000 came from property that
the county school board sold in order to contribute to the project. Except for
the concrete and cinderblock work, the labour was done by volunteers on weekends
and at night. They finished the one-storey, ten-room building in August 2014,
the day before classes were to start, says former PTA president, Jimmy Gresham.
The night we finally finished waxing the floors, I was riding home in my
pick-up. I couldn't help but give out a big yell, and thank God for pulling us
through. I don't know if other communities can do the same thing, but I sure
recommend it. This building has made everyone in Hickory Flat mighty proud.

Farewell to Welfare
Every time Jessica Williams drove the roads near her Orange County, California
home, she got wrinkled. In the orange groves, fresh fruit had fallen of the
trees, literally blanketed the ground. It was the same in other fields:
tomatoes, cauliflower, avocados, and other fruits and vegetables, had been left
to rot, eventually to be tilled back into the soil. "Any kind of waste has
always upset me", confesses the energetic 38-year-old mother of three. "To have
all this food go to waste while we're paying taxes to buy food stamps for hungry
people really bothers me". So, Jessica decided to do something about that. In
March 2014, she incorporated Sunshine Outreach, thought to be the first ever
Gleaming operation in Orange County. A week later, she directed the first group
of volunteers, made up of both the unemployed and professional business people,
in retrieving discarded produce from local farms. "Orange County is usually
considered affluent", Judy says, "but there are thousands of homeless people in
the county, and lots of others on welfare and food stamps". In fact, 15 years
before, the Williams' had been part of those statistics when both Jessica and
her husband lost their jobs. Jessica knows what it feels like to be on welfare
and then finally find a path back to a productive life. One such path is
Gleaming. "Many people on welfare with no job get depressed," says Jessica,
"they have no feeling of self-worth. But when they go out to the fields, glean
for a while, and can fill up the back of a truck with oranges, they really have
a feeling of accomplishment. In just a few hours, 10 people can collect 4000
pounds of produce. The workers take what they need, or trade it in for canned
goods and staples at area food banks." Jessica recalls one welfare recipient who
said, as she loaded her car with food, "I feel so much better about life, having
earned this instead of just getting a hand out". When she began Sunshine
Outreach, Jessica set a goal of turning around 25 needy families in the first
year. The number of families saying farewell to welfare has far exceeded that,
she says. In fact, the project has retrieved so much food, that it helps funnel
produce and other donated food to more than 30 agencies that serve the needy.

---

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Mr. Dunlap, who gave this party?
	A	Mark Nelson.
	Q	How many people were there?
	A	About 15 or 20.
	Q	What did you have to drink at the party?
	A	I had some gin and tonic.
	Q	How many glass did you have?
	A	Two or three glasses.
	Q	Now, after you had been at this party for a period of time, you went to
a liquor store to buy more liquor. Is that correct?
	A	Yes. That's correct.
	MR. EUFPLT:  You had taken up a collection at the party. Is that correct?
	THE WITNESS:  That is correct.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	The reason for taking up the collection was to purchase more liquor. Is
that correct?
	A	That is correct.
	Q	The guests at the party had consumed all of the liquor that had been
brought to the party. Is that right?
	A	I don't know if it was all gone.
	THE COURT:  Nearly all gone.
	THE WITNESS:  Probably.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Were the guests at this party asked to bring their own liquor?
	A	Yes, sir.
	Q	And you brought a bottle of gin. Is that right?
	A	Yes, sir.
	Q	And you also brought some tonic?
	A	Yes, sir.
	Q	Now, while you were sitting at the kitchen table, drinking and talking,
who else was at the table?
	A	My wife and Mark.
	Q	Was it there that you mixed the gin and tonic?
	A	Yes, sir.
	Q	What, if anything, did you observe Mark drink?
	A	He had the same thing.
	MR. EUFPLT:  And what was that?
	THE WITNESS:  Gin and tonic.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	How about your wife? What did she have?
	A	My wife does not drink.
	Q	Now, you said that you saw other people drinking your gin. Were you
referring to Mark Nelson?
	A	I think quite a few people were drinking my gin.
	Q	When you left to go to the liquor store, was the gin bottle empty?
	A	Yes, sir.
	Q	Now, once you arrived at the liquor store, you and Mark went inside. Is
that right?
	A	Yes, sir.
	MR. EUFPLT:  You went to get what?
	THE WITNESS:  We went to get some gin.
	MR. EUFPLT:  Did you pick up anything else?
	THE WITNESS:  Some tonic.
	MR. EUFPLT:  Anything else?
	THE WITNESS:  I don't think so.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	You said Mark went to the cooler. Is that correct?
	A	Yes, sir.
	Q	What did he pick up?
	A	Some beer.
	THE COURT:  How much beer?
	THE WITNESS:  I don't remember.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Now you put some money done on the counter. Is that correct?
	A	Yes, sir.
	Q	Who else was in this immediate area at that time?
	A	Just Mr. Becker. He was the clerk behind the counter.
	Q	Where was Mark?
	A	To my right.
	MR. EUFPLT:  So he was also at the counter?
	THE WITNESS:  Yes.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	And what was Mr. Becker doing?
	A	He was ringing up everything.
	Q	Where was he standing?
	A	By the cash register.
	Q	Where was this cash register located?
	A	I think there were cell phone chargers for sale on the counter, and then
there was the cash register. If he was facing me, it would be to his right.
	Q	Did he seem to be okay?
	A	I think so.
	MR. EUFPLT:  Were you watching what he was doing?
	THE WITNESS:  Not really.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	And then the shoving of Mark Nelson took place. Is that correct?
	A	Yes.
	Q	What did Mark do when this took place?
	A	He just stood there.
	Q	Was he leaning on the counter?
	A	His feet were on the floor.
	Q	What portion of his body was on the counter?
	A	The upper part of his hips.
	Q	What did Mr. Becker say to him, if anything?
	A	He told him to get off the counter.
	Q	And what did Mark say in reply, if anything?
	A	He said he had worked all day, and he was tired.
	Q	Then what did Mr. Becker say?
	A	He shoved him and told him again to get off the counter.
	Q	Mr. Becker then pushed him off. Is that correct?
	A	That's correct.
	Q	Do you know how many drinks Mark had had before you went to the liquor
store?
	A	No. I don't.
	Q	How many did you see him consume while you were at the party?
	A	I don't remember. It could have been two or three --
	MR. EUFPLT:  Could it have been more?
	THE WITNESS:  I don't think so.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Now after Mr. Becker shoved Mark off of the counter, what did Mark do
then?
	A	I don't know what he did.
	Q	Did Mark again lean on top of the counter?
	A	That is possible. Yes.

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Were you afraid the dog was going to bite you?
	A	Yeah.
	Q	Why did you think the dog was going to bite you?
	A	Because -- I don't know.
	Q	Is there something the dog did that made you fear the dog?
	A	Yes. When it started growling at Daniel.
	Q	Did you see the dog start to run at Daniel?
	A	Yes.
	Q	What did you do when the dog started running at Daniel?
	A	I ran into the house.
	Q	Do you know what Josh did when the dog started running at Daniel?
	A	He ran next door.
	Q	Did you see Josh run next door?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Okay. With your own eyeballs, you saw Josh run next door?
	A	Yes.

---

BY MR. BUSH:
	Q	One thing that's important is that you need to know that you can make
changes in your answers later on. But what we're really after today, and I think
you can appreciate it, is for you to listen to the full question. Every one of
the questions, and give us your best answer today as opposed to later on, having
to make changes. Do you follow what I'm saying?
	A	Yes.
	MR. TANG:  You may have seen on TV where somebody cross-examines a witness
and says "well, you said one thing today, and you said another thing a long time
ago, and which is it?". You know what I'm saying?
	THE WITNESS:  Right.
BY MR. BUSH:
	Q	Again, we're not trying to scare you. What we're trying to say is --
what we're really after today is your best and your most accurate memory today
of the events that we ask you about. Okay?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Sometimes we ask about times, dates, measurements, that you may not have
an exact memory of. But because you lived it and perceived it, you would have a
best estimate. What we don't want you to do, is to guess. If I ask you how long
the pin is that I have in my hand, from life's experience, you can look at the
pen and give me an estimate. If I asked you how long the pin is in my office
right now at home, you'd have no idea. You never saw that pen. You don't know
know what I'm talking about. That would be a sheer guess.
	A	Right.
	Q	We don't want you to guess about anything today. Give us your best
estimate, which is really all we're entitled to. But we are entitled to that.
Fair enough?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Have you taken any kind of medicine? Anything? Anything at all? Consumed
anything or do you feel bad? Anything at all that would have any bearing on your
giving your very best testimony about the accident that happened back on March
15th of 2014, giving that testimony today?
	A	No.
	Q	All right. As I said, this is somewhat informal, and, that is, if you
need to take breaks for whatever reason -- use the restroom, want to just walk
around -- you just let us know. We'll finish the topic area we're covering, and
take a break. Hopefully, this won't take too long.
	A	Okay.
	MR. BUSH:  Counsel, have I covered all of the things you think I should
cover? Can you think of anything else?
