Sailing always makes Sam seasick.
My house is up for sale.
He set the package on the counter.
I sat in a chair near the door.
What time did you arrive at the scene?
She was seen leaving the area.
Cleaning up will take some time.
Let's settle this sometime soon.

right leg, medical conclusions, medical insanity, sufficient control, split
personality, multiple contusions, numerous x-rays, hospital discharge,
restricted motion, abnormal softness, disease or illness, obviously insane,
subjective symptom, several stitches, traction, ankle, several treatments, hours
after death

My grandmother is still alive. My grandfather died ten years ago. My mother has
two sisters. Her sisters have two children each. This means that I have four
cousins. My father has one brother, my uncle Richard. Uncle Richard has no
children. I have a twin sister. She has a daughter, and an adopted son. I enjoy
my niece and nephew. My husband and I have one child who is 14. I've never met
my mother-in-law and father-in-law. My sister-in-law and my brother-in-law are
close friends.

We invest five percent in stocks.
Thefts increased 9.8 percent.
The service charge is three percent.
Our terms are two percent, ten days, net thirty.
Her blood alcohol level was .12 percent.
The discount is five percent.
Is it four or seven percent?

---

Arson
The principal question in this case is whether or not the fire started by any
act, design, or procurement on the part of the plaintiff, or through any act
done or suffered by his privity, or with his consent. In deciding this question,
you should take into account every act, fact, and incident connected with the
fire and subsequent transactions as detailed in the evidence. However, if you
have heard any evidence in this case which the court, afterwards, struck out,
you are to wholly disregard such evidence in arriving at your verdict. In giving
these instructions, it is the intention of the court simply to instruct the jury
as to the law applicable to the case, but it is not the intention of the court
in the least degree to give the jury any opinion as to whether or not the
defendant is guilty of the offense charged in the indictment, or to express any
opinion as to the weight or sufficiency of the testimony or as to the
credibility of any witness.

He entered the cheese station with great excitement, but to his dismay, he found
it was empty. Someone had already been there, and had left only the few bits of
new cheese. He realised that if he had moved sooner, he would have very likely
found a good deal of new cheese here. Haw decided to go back and see if Hem was
ready to join him. As he retraced his steps, he stopped and wrote on the wall.
The quicker you let go of old cheese, the sooner you find new cheese. After a
while, Haw made his way back to cheese station C and found Hem. He offered Hem
bits of new cheese, but was turned down. Hem appreciated his new friend's
gesture, but said "I don't think I would like new cheese. It's not what I'm used
to. I want my own cheese back, and I'm not going to change until I get what I
want".

Toughest Part: Words and Fears
A student now in the 225 class is scared to death of passing the state test.
"Then people will see that I can't write accurately. I changed almost everything
to briefs to pass my tests. I read through all my errors on each test, and I
learned a realtime theory." A student in a 180 class recently enrolled in a 100
words per-minute class to learn how to really write and how to pass tests. "And
my family is not happy. Not at all. Yet, I know what I have to do." One court
reporter, now in court, was called into the manager's office while reporting a
jury trial and was told she must become certified immediately or she would lose
her job. The reporter then asked me "I'll have to join NCRA now, right?". I
listen to each with great respect. Each person has unique challenges. Each
person also has the opportunity to excel in a way that will serve immediate
goals as well as long term goals. In addition, each person is tackling goals
that also serve our profession. One of my favourite comments was shared by a
person sharing her frustrations after receiving the results of an exam. The
reporter said "the toughest part is the words. It's that simple." This is the
same court reporter who, while working to pass the RPR, then CCP, and then CRR,
asked me each time "what should I work on? Should I just read the dictionary?"

Highway Traffic Act
Members of the jury, each party in this case charges the other with violating
certain statutes of the Highway Traffic Act. It is the law of this state that a
violation of any of the provisions of the Highway Traffic Act by a person
operating a motor vehicle upon a public highway shall be prima facie evidence of
negligence. This presumption, however, may be rebutted by evidence showing that
the statute in question was not violated or, by evidence, showing a reasonable
ground for such violation. The driver of a motor vehicle, whose vision is
blocked by snow and wind, or other conditions, must exercise care and caution,
such as with the situation. The factors to be considered when determining a
driver's negligence are the speed and control of the vehicle, the extent of
visibility, and the degree of care and caution required under the circumstances.

Who Moved My Cheese
Haw just shook his head in disappointment and sadly went back out on his own. As
he returned to the farthest point he had reached in the maze, he missed his
friend, but realised he liked what he was discovering. Even before he found what
he hoped would be a great supply of new cheese, if ever he knew that what made
him happy wasn't just having cheese. He was happy when he wasn't being run by
his fear. He liked what he was doing now. Knowing this, Haw didn't feel as weak
as he did when he stayed in cheese station C with no cheese. Just realising that
he was not letting his fear stop him, and knowing that he had taken a new
direction, nourished him and gave him strength.

---

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	This week, you were away also, weren't you, from Tuesday until Friday?
	A	That is correct. I was gone two nights.
	Q	You left Tuesday night, and you came back when? Last night?
	A	I came back last night.
	Q	Is this a necessary part of your employment?
	A	It is.
	Q	Absolutely necessary?
	A	Absolutely.
	Q	This will be an important part of your employment for the future?
	A	My taking trips on this job will be an important part of this job.
	Q	Are you intending to stay on this job?
	A	Yes.
	Q	So you anticipate many absenses from home, whether it be for one day,
two days, or possibly four or five days?
	A	I expect that I will have to go on trips.
	Q	Have you considered the possibly of moving out of the state of
Pennsylvania?
	A	I have thought several times about that, and I have discussed it with my
wife, and the conversations have always been about going to Denver.
	Q	Have you ever stated to her that you have the possibility of moving your
position to Washington D.C.?
	A	I made a statement which she has construed it the way you have put it. I
told her that a friend was accepting a job in Houston and that I also knew that
a job was available in Washington. I said that I wouldn't be surprised if maybe
my name would come up in conjunction with that job.
	Q	If it did, would you consider it?
	A	That job has already been filled, and my name was not on the list of
those considered.
	Q	Were those trips that you have taken strictly business?
	A	Yes. They were strictly business.
	Q	Have you had any social activities during these trips that you have
taken?
	A	Yes. I took customers out to dinner and to shows.
	Q	Have you had any dates with any other women during these trips?
	A	Never.

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Is there a reason you haven't recorded the deed?
	A	No. No reason why.
	Q	When you purchased the property from your parents, did you have a
purchase agreement?
	A	Yes. We did.
	Q	And did that call for some installment payments?
	A	Yes. It did.
	Q	And have you paid that off?
	A	Yes. We have.
	Q	Since you started the business, has your mother been involved in the
business at all?
	A	No. She hasn't.
	Q	Was she ever involved in the business?
	A	Yes. She was.
	Q	When did she cease being involved in the business?
	A	About 1977, I believe.
	Q	You were saying earlier, and I'll direct your attention to the arrow
"A", that you would pull trucks into that area, and back them into your yard. Do
you recall that testimony?
	A	Yes. I do.
	Q	And I'll show you an aerial picture which I would represent to you was
taken on May 6th, 1990. I have a photocopy that I'll mark as exhibit 3. If
you'll look at that picture, I will point to a place that I'll represent to you
I believe is your shop. Does that help you identify the location of that?
	A	Yes.
	Q	And does that appear to be a correct depiction of your shop?
	A	That's correct.
	Q	I have marked as exhibit 3 a photocopy, not that good, but all I'm going
to mark for the deposition is exhibit 3, and would you mark on exhibit 3 -- I'll
give you a red pen -- that area where you backed your trucks up that you marked
as a --
	A	Let me tell you something first of all. On the area I'm going to show
you first of all, we used it occasionally, not every day. We use it every day
now. We have for, I don't know, for three or four years, this area right here,
we'd pull the trucks in and we'd either back them up here, or back them in here.
This doesn't show it, but it goes up a slight grade right in this area right
here. So, we'd either back them in here, or here, or pull them in there, and
then we'd back them right in the yard there.
	Q	Would you put an "A" in that area where the "A" on Exhibit 2 was
indicated?
	A	Yes.
	Q	So what you're indicating to me is that in Exhibit "A", you would mark
across what appears to be some dark grass?
	A	There was a slight grade here. This wasn't like this. There was an
actual slight grade of a road there. The reason why it's not like the rest of it
is because it wasn't used every day. This road was used every day. That's why it
looks like that.

---

BY MR. MORRIS:
	Q	Okay. Are you questioning Corona, or you actually lived in Corona?
	A	I lived in Corona.
	Q	All right. How long did you live there before you moved?
	A	2000.
	Q	Where were you living right before you got incarcerated?
	A	Corona.
	Q	So, you're solid on Corona up until 2003?
	A	Yes.
	Q	You get incarcerated in '06. You know where you are for the next 28
months. Where are you?
	A	Baker Hills.
	Q	No, you're in prison. Where are you in prison?
	A	Baker Hills.
	Q	Is that where the prison was?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Now we're clear to 2009?
	A	2008.
	MS. ANTONIO:  You mentioned that your last date of employment was February
of 2011.
	THE WITNESS:  Correct.
	MS. ANTONIO:  Why did you stop working on that day?
	THE WITNESS:  I got injured.
	MS. ANTONIO:  And what was the nature of your jury?
	MR. MORRIS:  Well, to be clear, her injury date is January 1, but she
continued to work for 5 weeks or so after the injury.
	THE WITNESS:  Light duty.
	MS. ANTONIO:  Okay. And what was the nature of your injury?
	THE WITNESS:  The nature of the injury was I twisted my right ankle.
	MS. ANTONIO:  And what were you doing when you hurt your right ankle?
	THE WITNESS:  Mopping and -- mopping up a fire and fighting a fire.
	MS. ANTONIO:  I'm sorry, did -- you said mopping up a fire?
	THE WITNESS:  Correct.
	MS. ANTONIO:  What does that mean?
	THE WITNESS:  It means cleaning up all the debris after the fire and just
extinguishing what's left.
	MS. ANTONIO:  So, when you say "mopping", as a layperson, that's not
necessarily with a mop and a bucket and water?
	THE WITNESS:  No. It's cleaning up.
	MS. ANTONIO:  Okay. So basically, just means cleaning up the fire debris and
--
	THE WITNESS:  Yes.
	MS. ANTONIO:  And you said that the location was where?
	THE WITNESS:  Malibu.
	MS. ANTONIO:  Okay. And where -- what type of facility was the fire at?
	THE WITNESS:  Residential.
	MS. ANTONIO:  Was it a home?
	THE WITNESS:  Yes.
	MS. ANTONIO:  Okay. So this was after the fire, you were cleaning up debris
and how did you -- you said tore the cartilage in your right ankle?
	THE WITNESS:  Well, I was in soot up to my calves.
	MS. ANTONIO:  You were in what?
	THE WITNESS:  Soot. Black soot. And the garage -- the dwelling part of the
house was still on fire. So we were outside on the -- where the garage just
demolished and burned, and I had a heavy hose, pulling it around, trying to get
over where it was still kindling the fire on the house. And when I did that,
because there was so much black soot, there was some type of metal bracket under
that blackness.
