is, the, is the, can, a, is a, had, had the, had a, ready, with, with a, with
the, of, of the, are, are the, can a, can be, I, will, will be, will the, it, it
is, it will, it's, is it, is it the, is it a, little, require, he, he is, is he,
she, she is, we, we are, they, they will, they are, well, legal, letter,
receipt, error, oh, this, this is, that, that is, that the, there, there is,
there are, is this, is that, is there, think, to, to be, on, on the, regard,
record, report, reason, season, seen, you, had you, to you, you will, will you,
with you, you are, are you, up, up the, in, in a, in the, result, return, order,
in order, notice, until, until the, new, newspaper, where, where are, where is,
where the, were, were the, who, who is, what, what is, what you, when, when is,
when I, when he, when the, also, already, always

6 5 1 7 4 2 6 9 8 15 86 64 81 32 18 27 49 678 991 974 476 984 881 2,735 7,699
4,022 8,567 9,119 7,419 7,693 8,419 8,138 8,330 2,196 4,321 19 85 2 49 9 88 2 5
31 76 44 8 47 4 94 6 89 5 3 61

---

The jurors remarked that the defendant's attorney had made both a strong opening
and closing statement. The closing statement of the defendant's attorney and the
lack of credibility of the police officer's testimony seemed to be the most
important reasons why the jurors felt the case had gone to the defendant. Both
attorneys had an opportunity to find as much evidence as they could about the
case. That process about finding evidence, called discovery process. One of the
main ways that you discover evidence can be prior testimony. Testimony that
takes place outside of court in the presence of a court reporter. One of the
persons who was called to testify was the police officer who was on the scene
shortly after the shooting occurred. When the defense attorney called him to
take his testimony, while trying to discover the facts in the case, the police
officer gave one set of facts. The police officer was subjected to questioning,
and his testimony was written up as an official record. When the court date
arrived, he was not prepared. He had reviewed the testimony he had given shortly
after he had given it, but several months had passed. He went into court to
testify on the same matter, and didn't remember much about what he had testified
previously. The court reporter who took down his testimony prepared the
testimony in written form. It was sent to him and returned without any errors
being marked on it. Both sides may question as many people as they wish. The
court reporter charges the attorney for her services that day. The court
reporter charges for the pages that are produced by the testimony that has been
given.

Who Moved My Cheese?
When they arrived at their destination, the mice took off their running shoes,
tied them together, and hung them around their necks, so they could get to them
quickly wherever they needed them again. Then, they enjoyed the cheese. In the
beginning, Hem and Haw also raced toward Cheese Station C every morning to enjoy
the tasty new morsels that awaited them. But after a while, a different routine
set in for the little people. Hem and Haw awoke each day a little later, dressed
a little slower, and walked to Cheese Station C. After all, they knew where the
cheese was now, and how to get there. They had no idea where the cheese came
from, or who put it there. They just assumed it would be there. As soon as Hem
and Haw arrived at Cheese Station C each morning, they settled in and made
themselves at home. They hung up their jogging suits, put away their running
shoes, and put on their slippers. They were becoming very comfortable now that
they had found the cheese. "This is great", Hem said, "there's enough cheese to
last us forever". The little people felt happy and successful, and thought they
were now secure. It wasn't long before Hem and Haw regarded the cheese they
found at Cheese Station C as their cheese. It was such a large store of cheese
that they eventually moved their homes to be closer to it, and built a social
life around it.

Bart Bell, ransom, conspiracy, hypothetical question, kidnapping, secretly
confined

Members of the jury, in this case, the state has charged the defendant with
having conspired with a second man to commit the crime of kidnapping. The crime
of conspiracy, as defined by the laws of this state, is committed if one person
combines with someone else to commit a crime and if either he, or the other
person, does an act to carry out that crime. Before you may find Bart Bell
guilty, the state must prove that all of these elements were present, and it
must do so by evidence, which is proven beyond a reasonable doubt. The first one
requires that the defendant intended that the crime of kidnapping take place.
The crime of kidnapping as I use that term in this case, is committed by one who
uses deceit to induce a child to go from one location to another, and who does
so with intent to cause her to be secretly confined.

Who Moved My Cheese?
To make themselves feel more at home, Hem and Haw decorated the walls with
sayings, and even drew pictures of cheese around them, which made them smile.
One read "Having cheese makes you happy". Sometimes, Hem and Haw would take
their friends by to see their pile of cheese at Cheese Station C, and point to
it with pride. Saying "pretty nice cheese, huh?". Sometimes, they shared it with
their friends, and sometimes they didn't. "We deserve this cheese", Hem said,
"we certainly had to work long and hard enough to find it". He picked up a nice,
fresh piece and ate it. Afterwards, Hem fell asleep, as he often did. Every
night the little people would waddle home full of cheese, and every morning they
would confidently return for more. This went on for quite some time. After a
while, Hem's and Haw's confidence grew into arrogance. Soon, they became so
comfortable, they didn't even notice what was happening.

This intent to cause her to be secretly confined must be determined to be fact.
You cannot look into his mind to find out his intent. You may, however,
determine it from all the facts from evidence in this case. You may consider his
conduct or any statements he made, which show his state of mind. However, you
should also remember that while you may find his intent from certain statements
or conduct, you are not required to do so. You are the sole judges of the facts.
The second element of the crime of conspiracy requires that Bart Bell did join
in with somebody else to kidnap the child. He was part of a conspiracy if he
went along with, or agreed with, someone else, to do the crime. It is a mutual
understanding that the two will work together for a common criminal purpose.

---

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	To your best recollection, it was there in '72?
	A	It must have been.
	Q	A portion of that fence still stands today. Is that correct?
	A	Yes. It's half standing. It's fallen over, and in disarray.
	Q	In 1972, did the fence border the entire property. That is, was it
standing on the entire border of the property?
	A	No. It was not.
	Q	Do you have a specific recollection of that?
	A	Yes. I do.
	Q	And is there a reason you have a recollection of that, as opposed to
what appears not to be a good recollection of whether or not it was there in
'72?
	A	Yes. I do. Because at the time we built the shop, the precast panels
that we fabricated for the shop, we built on that property. We actually poured
the concrete on that part of the property, and we took a drain and brought it
over to the property on which they are now, and stood them. So, I know there are
no fences there, because we used that for fabrication of those precast panels.
	Q	This was in '72?
	A	That's correct.
	Q	I take it what you're saying is that -- let me go back, so that I
understand. Do you mean by precast panels that you clear an area and you
actually pour concrete on the ground, and after it is hard, you tilt it up to be
a wall. Is that a fair description?
	A	That's correct. In this case, they were actually picked up with a crane,
and sat where they were supposed to be.
	Q	And did you go through the area in the fence that today does not have
any fence on the south borderline. Do you understand my question?
	A	Yes and no.
	Q	Let me re-ask it because it sounded muddled to me. Along your south
borderline, there's a fence partially standing. Correct?
	A	That's correct.
	Q	And my question is in that area where it is not up now, is that the area
where you recall going across to pour and transport these precast walls?
	A	In the area we poured panels on, there's no fence now, and there's never
been a fence in that area.
	Q	And it's that area where it's gone today?
	A	Yes. The only place there's a partial fence is in the front where our
asphalt meets or ends. The reason that fence is even there is to keep people
from going out into the dirt, and bringing dirt back on to the asphalt so we
don't get the asphalt full of dirt.
	Q	Do you know who put it up?
	A	My father did.
	Q	He put it up prior to '72?
	A	No. It was in '72. At the time the asphalt was being laid.
	Q	Let me go back, because I'm confused. I want to make sure we're talking
about the south property line?
	A	That's correct.

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	And a minute ago, I asked you whether there was a fence there in 1972,
and you didn't have a specific recollection that there was, but you thought
there was?
	A	There wasn't a fence in '72. There was a fence put up after '72 after
the front completion of the property was put in, the asphalt and everything
else, and that was to keep people off the dirt.
	Q	So, you're saying that the fence, as it exists today, on the south side
of the property line, was put up by your father after '72?
	A	Late '72, '73, after the front area was finished. And that fence is like
I said -- even at the time, it wasn't a brand-new fence. It was just something
to keep people from getting in the dirt and driving back on to the asphalt. I
don't know if he put it up after he poured the asphalt to keep people from
driving out there and running over his new asphalt or not, but that could have
been the reason he even put it up to begin with.
	Q	To the best of your knowledge, that fence was actually put on the south
property line of what's now your property?
	A	It was just put up in the general area out there. I'm not sure where it
was put up.
	Q	Have you maintained the fence at all?
	MR. EUFPLT:  Can I ask for some clarification? I just want to be sure
I'm following the right location here. Are we talking about activities along
what you call the easement area, or on Mr. Miller's old property?
	THE WITNESS:  I'm talking about our property, and the easement area.
	MR. EUFPLT:  Thank you.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	How far over on the easement area has this use been?
	A	I couldn't tell you that. I'm not sure.

---

BY MR. RIELA:
	Q	Do you remember who performed that physical exam?
	A	I don't remember, but it's a facility they send us to, to have a full
exam done.
	Q	Okay. And that would have been in 2003?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Okay. During your -- well, let me ask -- did you have employment before
your incarceration in 2003?
	A	Correct.
	Q	What did you do before your incarceration in 2003?
	A	Caregiver.
	Q	And did you work independently, or for an organisation?
	A	Independently.
	Q	And who were your clients?
	A	Elderly.
	Q	And what were your duties for them?
	A	Medication, medications, daily house chores, feeding transporting, daily
living.
	Q	Okay. And how long were you caregiver?
	A	I did that for ten years.
	Q	So, would it be fair to say you did that from approximately 1993 to
2003?
	A	Correct.
	Q	Now, did -- you did tell me that you were incarcerated in 1994 --
	A	Correct.
	Q	For two and a half years?
	A	Correct.
	Q	So, were you a caregiver before that incarceration?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Okay. And then you were incarcerated, and you came out of prison, and
you were a caregiver again?
	A	Yes -- no, no, no, no. After the six months I was out before I went to
the academy, I worked three different jobs.
	Q	Okay.
	A	But prior to that, I was trained. I did some care giving, but I did
-- I'm sorry, I've done all kinds of work.
	Q	That's fine.
	A	So, I've done numerous things, and that's part of what I've done.
	Q	Okay. Let's go back to that first felony conviction for strong arm
robbery in 1994. Were you a caregiver before that?
	A	Correct.
	Q	Okay. And were you a caregiver after that?
	A	Correct.
	Q	And were you a caregiver continuously until your 2003 conviction?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Okay. All right. And you were always and independent caregiver. Is that
correct?
	A	No. Not always.
	Q	Oh, okay. What organisations did you work for?
	A	I don't remember. It was just in-home care giving.
	Q	Okay.
	A	That's how I started, and then I did independently.
	Q	Okay.
	MR. SCHAEFFER:  Are you saying you worked for an agency?
	THE WITNESS:  No. It wasn't an agency. I was just -- I --
	MR. SCHAEFFER:  He is asking like who would send you out to these jobs?
	THE WITNESS:  I -- no, my aunt started me. I branched out with her. She
worked for an agency. I worked for her. It's kind --
	MR. SCHAEFFER:  So, she got the assignments. She sent you on them?
	THE WITNESS:  Correct.
	MR. SCHAEFFER:  When was -- what was your aunt's name?
	THE WITNESS:  Susan Reirden. R-E-I-R-D-E-N.
