3 5 4 45 56 60 91 9 7 44 73 15 58 62 3 12 91 38 4,231 5,990 6,009 88 801 630 753
324 3,751 3,214 9,059 60 90 38 3,036 6,129 5,455 291

president, principle, proceed, without, within, police, plea, opinion, upon, in
our, end, under, understand, understood, between, interest, ask, ask the, ask
you, could, would, account, can I, can you, did, did the, did you, did he, do,
do you, do you know, difficult, doctor, you had, he had, they had, around, from,
if, if a, if the, if I, if he, if you, follow, figure, finance, financial,
photograph, which, which is, children, about, about a, about you, be, business,
before, before the, because, belief, believe, but, but the, any, necessary,
been, had been, would be

2546APT, HXT9288, VERB8EM, 5H8F93S, W4R8D9Q, 6VBC576, HGF7651, 8JHU879, HVB878K

---

That must be treated as though you had never known it. You must consider
evidence that has been presented on both sides, even though it is the duty of
the district attorney. Both counsels will present opening statements that are
not to be used in making your decisions. Your duty is to determine the truth for
the evidence presented in the testimony of the witnesses, and other material
facts. You are cautioned not to speculate in this regard. In doing so, you must
keep in mind that there has been testimony stricken from the record. That
testimony is not to be considered in your decision. You must not include this
testimony when you are making your decision as to the facts in this case. You
must not speculate with regard to what might have been the reason for the
objection. As I indicated, you are to get the bailiff to take the question, or
questions, to me. I will answer your questions as best I can. This is a crime
involving a business entity. You must consider that a business entity is a
person before the law. The crime involves the corporation, and more than one
party. The parties are the principals in the organisation. They are all
principals, with regard to the crime, and principals in the organisation.

Who Moved My Cheese
They didn't find any for some time until they finally went into an area of the
maze they had never been before: Cheese Station N. They squealed with delight.
They found what they had been looking for: a great supply of new cheese. They
could hardly believe their eyes. It was the biggest store of cheese the mice had
ever seen. In the meantime, Hem and Haw was still back in Cheese Station C,
evaluating their situation. They were now suffering from the effects of having
no cheese. They were blaming becoming frustrated and angry, and were blaming
each other for the situation they were in. Now and then, Haw thought about his
mice buddies Sniff and Scurry, and wandered if they had found any cheese yet. He
believed they might be having a hard time, as running through the maze usually
involved some uncertainty. But, he also knew that it was also likely to only
last for a while. Sometimes Haw would imagine Sniff and Scurry finding new
cheese and enjoying it. He thought about how good it would be for him to be out
on an adventure in the maze, and to find fresh new cheese. He could almost taste
it. The more clearly Haw saw the image of himself finding and enjoying the new
cheese, the more he saw himself leaving Cheese Station C. "Let's go!", he
exclaimed all of a sudden. "No!", Hem quickly responded, "I like it here. It's
comfortable. It's what I know. Besides, it's scary out there". "No, it isn't",
Haw said. "We've run through many parts of the maze before, and we can do it
again". "I'm getting too old for that", Hem said. "And, I'm afraid, I'm not
interested in getting lost and making a fool of myself. Are you?". With that,
Haw's fear of failing returned, and his hope of finding new cheese faded.

He indicated he could not figure out why the testimony differed in the two
portions of the transcript. He indicated that he thought that the court reporter
could have been in error. It could have been that he had not read the report
well enough. He indicated that he was required to work additional hours at that
time, giving that as the reason why he didn't have time to read all of the
testimony. He indicated that he didn't know why the testimony differed. He asked
if he could have some time to have a look at the statements that he was supposed
to have made. The attorney let him look at the transcript in court. The police
officer's lack of credibility was so noted by the court. The police officer's
lack of credibility was a problem. He indicated that the police officer was
responsible for the testimony that did not match. At one point during the trial,
the defendant's attorney asked for a directed verdict based upon the fact that
the evidence in the case did not seem to point to the defendant's guilt. The
fact that the police officer had conflicting testimony in both his own verbatim
transcript, and in his testimony in court, was reason enough for the defendant's
attorney to ask for a directed verdict. He indicated that that the police
officer did not provide a creditable transcript. The case was supposed to be
based on the testimony of the police officer. If there were errors in the
transcript, as claimed by the police officer, those errors should have been
found prior to the police officer signing the transcript. He was responsible for
reading and signing the record. Any police officer should know that it is his
duty to find any errors of fact that were made in the testimony, and that he
should not have signed the prior testimony until such errors in the verbatim
transcript were noted. Any police officer should know that it is important to
provide a consistent testimony. The police officer used an excuse, saying that
he did not have enough time to review the verbatim transcript. It was pointed
out to him that he had the amount of time that everyone was given under the law
to review the testimony.

---

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Fine. If you start to respond to one of my questions, I'm going to
assume two things: I'm going to assume, number one, that you've heard my
question, and number two, that you've understood it. So, if either of those two
things are not true, I need you to tell me. I would be more than happy to
restate or rephrase my question as many times as is necessary for you to
understand what I'm asking. I don't want you to think to yourself "well, I'm not
quite certain, so let me try and give it my best shot". If there is any question
in your mind as to what I'm asking, please tell me and I'll rephrase my
question. Agreed?
	A	Yes. I agree.
	Q	Good. Any questions before we begin?
	A	No. I don't have any questions right now.
	Q	Fine. Within the last 24 hours, have you consumed any alcoholic
beverages?
	A	No.

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Did you have any interest in that business?
	A	No. I did not.
	Q	Who did?
	A	William Lloyd Miller.
	Q	Is that your father, by chance?
	A	That's correct.
	Q	And how long did he operate the business?
	A	At that location since 1972.
	Q	Prior to 1972, where did he operate the business?
	A	Glassell, Orange, California. That's a street name, Glassell. I'm not
sure about the address.
	Q	How do you spell the street name?
	A	I'm not sure.
	Q	The reporter may want you to guess.
	A	G-L-A-S-S-E-L.
	Q	Who owns the property at 130 North Rancho?
	A	Me and my brother.
	Q	Is it owned by you, personally, or by the corporation?
	A	By the corporation.
	Q	And when did you purchase the property?
	A	It was purchased in June of 1980.
	Q	And you formed the corporation in what year?
	A	1977.
	Q	Who owned the property prior to 1980?
	A	Herbert Lloyd Miller.
	Q	And when did he purchase it?
	A	On that I'm just going to have to guess. I believe it was 1969, 1970.
	Q	Let me just make a mention about the word "guess". What we don't want
you to do is actually guess. That is to say if I were to ask you the length of
my table in my kitchen, that would be an absolute guess. If I ask you the length
of the table in this room, you could estimate by reasonably viewing it. So, to
extend that, based on your prior knowledge, you can make a reasonable estimate,
do so. If it's a guess, say so, and we'll move on.
	A	Approximately 1969.
	Q	Between 1969 and 1977, were you on the property at all?
	A	Yes. I was.
	Q	And when did you first start going on the property?
	A	1969.
	Q	Were there any structures on the property in 1969?
	A	No. There were not.
	Q	When did any structures first get constructed on the property?
	A	1972.
	Q	And they were constructed by your father?
	A	Him and me and my brothers.
	Q	Did you personally work on --
	A	Yes. I did.
	Q	Remember to let me finish my question. She'll start kicking us here in a
minute. So, your father acquired the property in 1969, correct?
	A	That's correct.
	Q	And then in 1972, some improvements were placed on the property by you,
your brother, and your father. Is that correct?
	A	That's correct.
	Q	And those improvements were for the purpose of operating your father's
business?
	A	That's correct.

---

BY MR. CHANDLER:
	Q	All right. You were working in accounting at the time, correct?
	A	That is correct.
	Q	Approximately how long had you worked in accounting?
	A	I had worked for about three years doing accounting.
	Q	Approximately when did you go to the authorities?
	A	As soon as I discovered the fraud.
	Q	Were you working at Bank of America at that time?
	A	I had just started at one of the branches.
	Q	So, you weren't actually working at Bob's Fried Chicken?
	A	Yes. I was still working there. I had two jobs.
	Q	Did you actually report the fraud to anyone at the company?
	A	No one seemed concerned.
	Q	Couldn't you have reported it to the owner?
	A	I didn't know who the owner was.
	Q	Did you tell anyone at the company?
	A	I told the clerk.
	Q	The accounting clerk?
	A	No. The one who worked in the office.
	Q	He didn't do any accounting?
	A	No. He did some of the other office work.
	Q	What did he say?
	A	He wasn't concerned.
	Q	Did you believe he knew anything about the fraud?
	A	No. I don't.
	Q	He wouldn't have been involved?
	A	I doubt it.
	Q	Did you tell anyone at Bank of America about what you had discovered?
	A	No. I didn't.
	Q	Had you considered what might happen?
	A	No. I didn't. I wasn't concerned about that. I wanted to report it.
	THE COURT:  Your background is in law also?
	THE WITNESS:  That is correct. I have a degree in law.
	MR. CHANDLER:  Where did you say you received your law degree?
	THE WITNESS:  I went to state. I don't have a degree in law at this time. As
I indicated, I have a few more courses to take.
BY MR. CHANDLER:
	Q	You do have a CPA. Correct?
	A	I did receive my CPA license.
	Q	Are you still attending state?
	A	Yes. I am taking some English courses.
	Q	Was business the minor or major you had?
	A	I have a business minor. I took enough accounting courses to meet the
requirements for the CPA.
	Q	And so, you are taking graduate courses?
	A	I am not taking graduate courses. I am just finishing up a major.
	Q	Again, how did you discover that there was insurance fraud going on in
the company?
	A	I noticed that there were a number of paid insurance claims.
	Q	Were you employed there at that time?
	A	Yes. I was.
	Q	Did you ask anyone at your company about what you discovered?
	A	I asked the clerk. He didn't know anything about it.
	Q	What did he say? Can you please tell us?
