spell spells spelled spelling rubs rubbed rub rubbing rob robs robbed robbing
pet pets petted petting pool pools pooled pooling stop stops stopped stopping

A cat sat.
The cat is sad.
The cat is wet.
The cats are wet.
A rag is wet.
Is a rag wet.
The wet rags are red.
Cut the wet red rags.
Cut up the rags.
Spell the word.
The word is spelled.
Stop petting the cat.

somebody someone something everybody everyone everything anybody anyone anything
nothing nobody no one concern except receive building certain certainly
different difference difficult advantage advantageous advance north south office
enclose include familiar opportunity position tomorrow number maybe ability
figure dozen follow invoice balance manufacture witness reply amount argue
second subject avenue presence present practice practical proper property
enquire important importance record report investigate investigation merchandise

Barley 6354
Corn 5300
Sugar Beets 2884
Butter 1236
Milk 1098
Vegetables 1552
Potatoes 5720
Alfalfa 8525
Cotton 4833
Rye 6961
Flax 2323
Artichokes 4872
Grapefruit 9291
Wheat 8525
Tangerines 8363
Grapes 1889

You were going to stay home, right?
When you were there, did you see Bob?
You were one of the people in the car.
You were not with him, is that right?
You were not going to go, is that correct?
We were with him at that time.
We were going to go, but we were late.
They were not at the store when we got there.
While we were in the car, they were hit from behind.
If it were not for you, we wouldn't be here today.
If it were up to me, I think it would have been different.
The kids that were with us never left our view.
The cats that were in the yard got all wet when the rain started.
They were running late.
That was a big deal.
When was the last time you called him?
I was on the call.
She was in the meeting.
It was a nice day.
I was going to attend, but she was there.
He was in the military.

Sherry showed us the shire in the shed.
Sharon shared her ideas, but shirked her duties.
Sheila should shout out her bid.
One shell was found on the shelf.
The sheer sheet was used as a shield.
She was shocked by the show.
The wind fanned the sand.
Jake was round and round.
Sue toned and tanned at the spa.
Bob was burned when he turned.
He learned to be concerned.
The darned cat was adorned.
Bart was bashing and smashing the bugs.
We were wishing the fishing were better.
Anne was rushing before dishing up the food.
We were lashing and meshing the parts together.
Pat spent the day washing his car and dashing to school.
Ted is finishing cashing his cheques at the bank.

---

A powerful technique for becoming more peaceful is to be aware of how quickly
your negative and insecure thinking can spiral out of control. Have you ever
noticed how uptight you feel when you're caught up in you're thinking? And, to
top it off, the more absorbed you get in the details of whatever is upsetting
you, the worse you feel. One thought leads to another, and yet another, until at
some point you become incredibly agitated. For example, you might wake up in the
middle of the night and remember a phone call that needs to be made the
following day. Then, rather than feeling relieved that you remembered such an
important call, you start thinking about everything else that you have to do
tomorrow. You start rehearsing a probable conversation with your boss, getting
yourself even more upset. Soon, you think to yourself "I can't believe how busy
I am. I must make 50 phone calls a day. Whose life is this anyway?". And on and
on it goes, until you're feeling sorry for yourself. For many people, there's no
limit to how long this type of thought attack can go on. In fact, I've been told
by clients that many of their days and nights are spent in this type of mental
rehearsal. Needless to say, it's impossible to feel peaceful with your head full
of concerns and annoyances. The solution is to notice what is happening in your
head before your thoughts have a chance to build any momentum. The sooner you
catch yourself in the act of building your mental snowball, the easier it is to
stop. In our example here, you might notice your snowball thinking right when
you start running through the list of what you have to do the next day. Then,
instead of obsessing on your upcoming day, you say to yourself "wow, there I go
again", and consciously nip it in the bud. You stop your train of thought before
it has a chance to get going. You can then focus not on how overwhelmed you are,
but on how grateful you are for remembering that phone call that needed to be
made. If it's the middle of the night, write it down on a piece of paper, and go
back to sleep. You might even consider keeping a pen and paper by the bed for
such moments. You may indeed be a very busy person, but remember that filling
your head with thoughts with how overwhelmed you are, only exasperates the
problem by making you feel even more stressed that you already do. Try this
simple little exercise the next time you begin to obsess on your schedule. You
will be amazed at how effective it can be.

Ex parte, per se, in vinculo matrimonii, post mortem

A vinculo matrimonii means "from the bonds of marriage", or "an absolute
divorce". A vinculo matrimonii is the same as a complete disillusion of the
marriage. When only one side is present in an action of law, an ex parte
proceeding takes place. Ex parte means "without opposition". Per se means "in,
through, by itself, or of itself". Anything that possesses characteristics that
are inherently attributed to it, and not derived by statute, is a crime per se.
Post mortem means "after death". Post in Latin means "after". A post mortem
examination of a corpse is conducted to determine the cause of death. Post
meridiem means "after midday". Post partum means "after birth".

All parties are present. Both trial counsel are present. The trial jury is
present. Mr. Reynolds, the clerk, has the three separate questions that were
submitted. I might indicate, for the jury's information, that the CALJIC numbers
are note to the left at the top. Now, in connection with the question,
clarification of instructions, in drawing conclusions from circumstantial
evidence, the instructions talk of drawing up the reasonable interpretations.
The question is reasonable by whose standards. This refers to CALJIC 3.92 for
your information. In response to your first question, reasonable by whose
standards. The court's answer is as follows: reasonableness is judged by the
jury's standard, and not reasonable as judged by any particular segment of
society. My comments at the conclusion of answering some of the follow questions
may shed some light on what I have just said. I also should add that this is to
be considered by the jury as an academic discussion regarding these words, and
their meaning as used in the instructions. The next series of questions refers
principally to CALJIC 3.92, and may have application to 3.93, but I took your
question to be applied principally to CALJIC 3.92. The statement is "if
two issues are reasonable/rational, but one is more reasonable/rational, the
question is: are we to treat them as equally reasonable/rational?". The words
reasonable and rational are interchangeable as used in this instruction. The
instruction turns on reasonable interpretation versus rational interpretation or
reasonable interpretation versus unreasonable interpretation. So, the answer to
your first question: are we to treat them as equally reasonable/rational, I will
indicate as follows: factually reasonable interpretations may not be of equal
strength, but are equal in the eyes of the law, and are so treated in the
instruction. This is because the law does not attempt to measure the strength of
a reasonable interpretation. So, the answer to your first question is "yes". The
second question, continuing on, or can we judge that the more reasonable one is
reasonable, and the less reasonable one is unreasonable. The answer to that
question is "no". These questions are answered because the question refers to
two reasonable, rational interpretations. That is why I attempted to point out
the difference in the issues that are presented. The next question submitted
appears to apply principally to CALJIC 3.93.

So many of the prayers that I said as a girl were sung, and they still are. Our
family was full of musicians. My uncle John was one of the lead musicians at
church and directed the choir. My cousin Quentin could sit down at the piano and
play any song ever written. We'd sing one of my grandmother's favorite hymns,
like How Great Thou Art, or a gospel tune like Be Grateful. The words filled my
spirit as much as the music did. "Be grateful, oh yeah", my God said, he'd
never, never forsake you. Be grateful in everything, at all times, like it says
in the bible, like I heard in church. We marked up our bibles, underlining key
verses. We'd take them out and study them when the preacher preached. You'd find
one of my mother's carefully folded programs stuck between the leaves, or an
inspiration inside for an anniversary, a birthday, or a graduation. That was a
Hudson family tradition. If you were celebrating a big milestone, or heading off
somewhere, you were given a bible. My grandmother gave my uncle a bible before
he left to serve in Vietnam. When I went away to college, my mother gave me my
own bible. It's small, black, and the cover is worn to pieces, but you know the
saying: the Bible that's falling apart belongs to someone who isn't. I had it
with me when I was on American Idol, and I'd pull it out of my purse whenever I
need inspiration or guidance. Sometimes the other contestants would tease me
about it: "Jennifer, you wouldn't cross the street without your bible", they'd
say. They were right. These days, there are bible apps that make it easy to look
up a verse. I use them to read something to David Junior, or we play a bible
game on his iPad. But, I still carry that little bible my mother gave me
everywhere. It's a reminder of how my faith has carried me always.

---

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Leah, do you know the District Attorney, Mr. Elliot?
	A	Yes, sir.
	Q	Did you speak to him before you took the witness stand?
	A	Yes, sir.
	Q	Did you speak to him yesterday?
	A	Yes, sir.
	Q	Did you also speak to his assistant, Mr. Black?
	A	Yes, sir.
	Q	At any time that you were being questioned by Mr. Elliot, or Mr. Black,
was your cousin, Alex, with you?
	A	Yes, sir.
	Q	You were asked questions by Mr. Elliot and Mr. Black, is that correct?
	A	Yes, sir.
	Q	And you gave answers to Mr. Elliot and Mr. Black, is that correct?
	A	Yes, sir.
	Q	The questions that you were asked, and the answers that you gave, were
given in the presence of your cousin, Alex, is that right?
	A	Not always.
	THE COURT:  Most of them?
	THE WITNESS:  Not most of them.
	THE COURT:  Some of them?
	THE WITNESS:  None of them.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	You mean Alex was not there?
	A	Alex came in, but he left. He lived there at the time they came to my
house.
	Q	You were questioned at your house?
	A	Yes, sir.
	Q	When was this, Leah?
	A	I don't remember the exact date.
	Q	Was it a week ago, or a month ago?
	A	It was almost a year ago.
	Q	Were you in court yesterday?
	A	Yes, sir.
	MR. STPHAO:  Were you ever in court before yesterday?
	THE WITNESS:  Yes, sir.
	MR. STPHAO:  How long ago before yesterday.
	THE WITNESS:  I am not sure, but I think it was last September.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Where did you see Mr. Elliot at the time?
	A	I didn't see Mr. Elliot.
	Q	Did you see Mr. Black?
	A	Yes, sir.
	Q	When were you in this courthouse for the first time, if you remember?
	A	When I went before the grand jury.
	Q	Do you know when that was?
	A	No, sir.
	MR. STPHAO:  When did you see Mr. Elliot for the first time?
	THE WITNESS:  When he came to my house.
	MR. EUFPLT:  Mr. Elliot did?
	THE WITNESS:  Yes, sir.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Was he with anybody else?
	A	Yes, sir.
	Q	Who was with him?
	A	He was. Mr. Black was with him.
	THE COURT:  Do you remember when that was?
	THE WITNESS:  No, sir. I don't remember the date.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Was it this past summer, or last winter?
	A	It could have been in the summer.
	Q	Did Mr. Elliot ask you questions at that time?
	A	Yes, sir.
	Q	Did Mr. Black assist Mr. Elliot in asking you questions?
	A	Yes, sir.
	Q	Was there a court reporter present recording the questions or writing
down what Mr. Elliot was asking you and the answers that you gave him?
	A	No, sir.
	Q	Was your cousin, Alex, there at the time?
	A	Do you mean while I was being questioned?
	Q	Yes. Was he in the house at the time?
	A	Yes, sir.
	Q	Do you remember whether the questioning took place in the evening or the
afternoon, or the morning?
	A	It was in the evening.
	Q	Was Alan present while you were being questioned?
	A	Alan?
	Q	I'm sorry, so sorry. Alex.
	A	I don't remember.
	Q	Do you know whether or not Alex was questioned?
	A	I think he was, but I am not sure.
	Q	Were you present when Alex was being questioned?
	A	Well, if Alex was questioned, I am sure I was there. I don't remember if
he was questioned or not.
	Q	Leah, at the time Mr. Elliot and Mr. Black questioned you, did they show
you any statement that you had made in the police station to refresh your
recollection as to what happened on July 14?
	A	Yes, sir. They did.

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Just even for one day, were you ever scared of Max?
	A	I think so.
	Q	Okay. When was that?
	A	When we first moved in with Max in California down here.
	Q	So, when you first moved in with your stepfather, you were afraid of
Max?
	A	Yeah.
	Q	Okay. And was Max your stepfather's dog?
	A	No. He said he came with the house.
	Q	Okay. What is your stepfather's name?
	A	Brandon.
	Q	Brandon. What is Brandon's last name?
	A	Wells.
	Q	After you got to know Max, were you ever afraid of him ever again?
	A	No.
	Q	Now, over the top of the court reporter's head, see that photograph of
the two dogs?
	A	Uh-huh.
	MR. STPHAO:  Mr. Paladino told me that is Romeo and Juliet.
	MR. EUFPLT:  I guess we'll have to attach a copy as Exhibit N.
	MR. STPHAO:  Have you ever seen any dogs like Romeo and Juliet up there?
	THE WITNESS:  No.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Okay. Would you be afraid of them if they were sitting here in the
office with us?
	A	No. I don't think so.
	Q	Okay. If you're walking down the street, are you afraid of dogs?
	A	No. Kind of. Yeah.
	THE COURT:  What do you mean "kind of, yes"?
	THE WITNESS:  Like, I am, by some dogs, but not all the dogs I see.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Okay. Now, of the dogs you see, some of them you're afraid, and some of
them, you're not afraid. Can you tell us why sometimes you're afraid, and
sometimes not afraid?
	A	Because sometimes they try to jump the fence.
	Q	If they try to jump the fence, you are afraid of them?
	A	Yes.

---

BY MR. PAXTON:
	Q	How long did you stay at the scene of the accident?
	A	I can't recall how long I stayed.
	Q	Give me your best estimate from the moment you pulled up there on
Nichols eastbound until the time you left the scene of the accident, how much
time went by, your best estimate?
	A	My best estimate would be four hours.
	Q	And in that four hour time period, did you ever have an occasion to see
the motorcycle that was involved in the accident?
	A	I did see the motorcycle that was involved in the accident.
	Q	And how long after you got to the scene was it you first saw the
motorcycle?
	A	I don't recall how long it was.
	MR. SHELBY:  Was it over two hours, do you think?
	THE WITNESS:  No.
	MR. SHELBY:  Give us your best estimate.
	THE WITNESS:  Maybe 10-15 minutes, if that.
BY MR. PAXTON:
	Q	And where was the motorcycle?
	A	The motorcycle was upright on the north shoulder of Nichols Highway.
	Q	When you say it was upright, someone had righted the vehicle?
	A	That is correct.
	Q	Was it on its kickstand or something like that?
	A	I don't recall if it was on its kickstand or leaning against something.
	THE COURT:  And it was on the -- I'm sorry, you said --
	THE WITNESS:  North shoulder --
	THE COURT:  Of Nichols?
	THE WITNESS:  Correct.
BY MR. PAXTON:
	Q	So if it was upright at the -- it kind of signifies to me that somebody
must have moved the motorcycle from its point of rest in the accident. At least
as of the time you got there.
	A	It appeared to have been moved.
	Q	And do you know how far it was moved from its point of rest, wherever it
was, after the accident -- sequence, to the point where you saw it upright on
the north shoulder of Nichols?
	A	No, I don't.
	Q	Okay. And -- and do you know who moved it to that position?
	A	No. No one said who moved it.
	MR. SHELBY:  Did you ever ask anybody that question: who moved the bike to
this position.
BY MR. PAXTON:
	Q	And you don't know how they got it to that position, either, correct?
	A	Correct.
	Q	Now when you first got on the scene, did you see the other vehicle that
was involved in the accident?
	A	Yes. I did.
	Q	It was a Honda van?
	A	Yes. That is right.
	THE COURT:  By the way, what color was the motorcycle? Do you recall what
color the motorcycle was?
	THE WITNESS:  I believe it was blue. Blue and white.
	THE COURT:  And what color was the van that was involved in the accident?
	THE WITNESS:  It was kind of sliver.
BY MR. PAXTON:
	Q	Now with regard to the van, where was the van when you first saw that
van at the scene of the accident?
	A	I believe it was on the west shoulder.
