Reports are made daily, monthly, and annually.
Actually, I hardly know Charlie.
You were treated fairly and justly.
Normally, our department is open.
Please comment on that statement.
We came to an agreement.
Did you reach a settlement?

8 1 3 7 0 2 5 3 6 6 1 6 7 4 9 83 37 58 38 19 134 437 210 219 335 799 6,301 5,726
5,031 1,964 3,736 6,494 6,119 7,183 9,937 1,858

much, how much, so much, too much, very much, purchase, balance, volume, Sunday,
Tuesday, Monday, Friday, Thursday, Saturday, Wednesday, request, question,
inquire, equip, United States, cooperate, peculiar, relief, relieve, perceive,
percent, present, prepare, shall, usual, unusual, machine, appreciate, object,
subject, inspect, construct, instruct

Paper is flammable.
This evidence is not admissible.
You are liable for damages.
It was negotiable.
Reliability is important.
Is this a possibility?
What is probability?
What is plausiblity?

June 20, August 10, May 17, July 6, April 13, June 3, April 17, March 15, April
1, May 10, February 20, January 4, February 3, January 31

---

Who Moved My Cheese
Later, as Haw looked back on things, he realised that the cheese at Cheese
Station C had not just disappeared overnight, as he had once thought. The amount
of cheese that had been there toward the end had been getting smaller, and what
was left had grown old. It didn't taste as good. Mold may even have begun to
grow on the old cheese, although he hadn't noticed it. He had to admit, however,
that if he had wanted to, he probably could have seen what was coming. But, he
didn't. Haw now realised that the change probably would not have taken him by
surprise if he had been watching what was happening all along, and if he had
anticipated change. Maybe that's what Sniff and Scurry had been doing. He
stopped for a rest, and wrote on the wall of the maze: "Smell the cheese often,
so you know when it is getting old". Sometime later, after not finding cheese
for what seemed like a long time, Haw finally came across a huge cheese station
which looked promising. When he went inside, however, he was most disappointed
to discover that the cheese station was empty.

complaint, allege, alleged, alleges, illegal, affidavit
The rest of the complaint sought to hold the defendant liable based solely on an
alleged association with certain organisations. The complaint alleges that the
defendant provided material support to the violent organisation. The material
support that the defendant is supposed to have provided is defined as the person
of the defendant. In other words, the complaint is alleged that by participating
in the activity, the defendant was supplying material support in the form of his
person. He was the material support that is alleged in the complaint. The
complaint alleges that the defendant provide himself as material support. The
defense noted that the complaint quoted parts of an interview with the defendant
conducted after he was taken into custody. He said that the affidavit failed to
state that the defendant did not see anything that went on. The complaint seeks
to hold the defendant liable based on the alleged association with concern
organisations. It is necessary for the individual to possess interest to further
illegal aims. The defense holds that there is no evidence, nor does the
affidavit allege that the defendant ever took part in any conduct by the named
organisation. The defense goes on to say that there is no evidence that the
defendant had any intent to further any illegal objectives of those
organisations. In fact, the affidavit alleges the defendant did not train, nor
did he take part in any illegal conduct. With this in mind, he said that there
is no probable cause to find that the defendant violated the statutes under
which he is charged.

Sometime later, after not finding cheese for what seemed like a long time, Haw
finally came across a huge cheese station that looked promising. When he went
inside, however, he was most disappointed to discover that the cheese station
was empty. "This empty feeling has happened to me too often", he thought. He
felt like giving up. Haw losing his physical strength. He knew he was lost, and
was afraid he would not survive. He thought about turning around and heading
back to Cheese Station C. At least if he made it back, and Hem was still there,
Haw wouldn't be alone. Then, he asked himself the same question again: what
would I do if I weren't afraid? He was afraid more often than he liked to admit,
even to himself. He wasn't always sure what he was afraid of, but in his
weakened condition, he knew now he was simply fearful of going on alone. Haw
didn't know it, but he was running behind because he was weighed down by fearful
beliefs.

He is charged with certain violations of statutes. In other words, he did not
participate in any conspiracy. He did not commit any crime against the people of
the United States. The defense also alleges that the alleged statements by the
defendant were made under highly coercive circumstances. Because the alleged
statements were made under these circumstances, the statements are inadmissible.
He indicated that the defendant had been injured during this period. The defense
also indicated that the defendant has no criminal record of any kind. He had no
record of any drug use. He was taken into custody without being given his
rights. Since the defendant has no criminal record, the defense asked that the
defendant be released either under his own recognizance, or not. The attorney
for the defense argued that there was no probable cause to find that the
defendant violated the statutes under which he is charged. He also said that the
term "personnel", as used in a particular code section was vague. They said that
it violated the constitution. A proffer was used to allege that the defendant
was coerced into his statements, and corroborated in part by press reports. A
proffer is an offer of evidence. The attorney used a proffer to allege that he
was coerced into his statements. The defendant's parents offered to pledge that
the defendant would attend all court sessions. The court has the discretion in
granting this request. The court makes the decision of whether the defendant is
to be allowed to be released on his own recognizance.

Haw wondered if Hem had moved on, or if he was still paralyzed by his fears.
Then, Haw remembered the times when he had felt his best in the maze. It was
when he was moving along. He wrote on the wall, knowing it was as much of a
reminder to himself as it was a marking for his buddy Hem hopefully to follow.
Movement in a new direction helps you find new cheese. Haw looked down the dark
passageway, and was aware of his fear. What lay ahead? Was it empty, or worse,
were there dangers lurking? He began to imagine all kinds of frightening things
that could happen to him. He was scaring himself to death.

---

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	You have talked about people being in the street, around the bank, and
north of the bank, and around the bonfire. Were there any people wandering
around south of the bank?
	A	As far as I know, there were just people walking around the bank all
night long.
	Q	You have testified that you didn't know any of the people who were
throwing rocks?
	A	That's true.
	Q	Aside from that, roughly how many people did you encounter that evening
that you knew?
	A	Oh, approximately 15, I think. I am not sure.
	Q	And you talked to them?
	A	Yes. I did.
	Q	And they were sort of wandering around as you were?
	A	Yes. They were.
	Q	Among the 15 or so that you say you knew, did any of them throw any
rocks?
	A	I didn't see them throwing any rocks.
	Q	Was there much foot traffic to the south of the bank? Were there people
milling around on the street?
	A	At various periods, yes.
	Q	Sometimes the street was clear, would you say?
	A	Sometimes, yes.
	Q	You were standing across from the bank, is that correct?
	A	That's correct.
	Q	At one time, there was a big group of people between you and the bank?
	A	Yes.
	Q	At that time, did you hear any breaking glass?
	A	I heard breaking glass for quite a long period of time.
	Q	Was the crowd tightly packed, or not?
	A	At times it was tight, and at times it was loose.
	Q	Well, could you have seen through the crowd in order to see who was
pitching the rocks at the time you heard glass breaking?
	A	If they were in the street, yes.

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	How far over on the easement area has this use been?
	A	I couldn't tell you that. I'm not sure.
	Q	Approximately how wide is the easement?
	A	The abandoned railroad property?
	Q	Yes.
	A	My understanding is 120 feet wide.
	Q	How much of that 120 feet have you been using for the purposes you've
just indicated?
	A	I couldn't tell you. I don't know.
	MR. EUFPLT:  I think part of the confusion here is, as he's indicated,
there's never been a clear boundary on that side. So you're asking him how far
over, and it could be 120 or --
	MR. STPHAO:  I'll keep trying.
	THE WITNESS:  You can keep trying but I'm not going to be able to tell you,
because I'm not sure how much of the property has been used.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	You still use some of the property today?
	A	Yes. We do.
	Q	Do you use any more of the property -- strike that -- is the same area
you use today the same area that you've always used?
	A	No. Huh-uh.
	Q	Have you used more area in the past than you use now?
	A	Have we used more area in the past?
	Q	Yes.
	A	Yes. I believe we have.
	Q	And --
	A	Excuse me. I didn't mean to interrupt. Except for the far part that used
to be a hill, and now it's graded. We bring our trucks in there, and they back
up on the property.
	Q	I'll ask the reporter to mark this as "Exhibit 1" for identification.
Maybe this will help us a little bit. In pink I have marked --
	A	That lot must be ours. Is that what you're saying?
	Q	For purposes of understanding, the area in pink is what I believe to be
the railroad abandoned easement we're talking about. It's my understanding that
what I put in green is your property?
	A	That's correct.
	Q	Does that appear to be a correct analysis of the two pieces I've
outlined?
	A	It appears to be our property. I'm not for sure because I really don't
know the boundaries of it. I've always used this whole area here as our
property.
	Q	First, to clarify, I'm not saying that this is your exact property, I'm
only using it as an approximation. Do you understand that?
	A	I understand.
	Q	What I'd like to do, then, is show you what I'll mark as "Exhibit 2",
and that is simply a blow up of the green area, which I will, again, mark in
green on "Exhibit 1". And I will represent that I believe that is your property.
What I'd like for you to do, if you would, is take a pen on "Exhibit 2", and
just, to your best approximation, indicate where the office building was
constructed, and would you indicate approximately where the crane was?
	A	Yes.
	Q	And would you, in the place where the office building --
	MR. EUFPLT:  Maybe you ought to label these.
	MR. STPHAO:  That's what I was going to have him do. Put "O" for office, and
"C" for crane.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	You indicate there was some asphalt placed in 72. Where was that placed?
	A	Here.

---

BY MR. WILSON:
	Q	Okay.
	A	The one that got in the accident got in an accident. I have no idea what
the other guy did.
	Q	Okay. Let's --
	A	Is that -- I'm --
	Q	Let me ask it again. I'm trying to -- just so you know what I'm trying
to do is take us down as we're going westbound on Main. I know as you're going
westbound on Main that there came to be a point where you had this sigh of
relief that the other motorcyclists were now in front of you. But, there's still
the guy who was involved in the accident was still behind you, right?
	A	And the other guy. There were two of them.
	Q	And the other guy --
	A	Possibly three.
	Q	Okay.
	A	All right.
	Q	What I want to do is now take that moment in time, when there was the
guy involved in the accident was still behind you --
	A	Yes.
	Q	Possibly behind one or two others still behind you --
	A	Right.
	Q	And the other ones were now in front of you. If I could take a snapshot
of time, and look at a bird's eye view, where would you be on Main at that time?
	A	Right before the accident.
	Q	When you say "right before the accident", you think you were within 500
feet of the accident?
	A	Or less.
	Q	Okay?
	A	500 feet or less.
	Q	500 feet or less?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Okay. So, at that point in time, there's one, possibly two others still
behind you?
	A	Yes.
	Q	And this is when the other motorcyclists had gone in front of you, is
what I'm saying. Is that right?
	A	Yes. You're talking about all the 30, 40, 50 of them.
	Q	However many --
	A	Yes. Yes.
	Q	They were now in front of you?
	A	Yes.
	Q	And the guy ultimately involved in the accident was still behind you?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Safe distance, as you mentioned?
	A	Yes.
	Q	And maybe one or two others?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Now, with regard at to that moment --
	A	Uh-huh.
	Q	When -- when he was -- when you were approximately 500 feet or a little
less behind where the accident actually happened, where was the motorcyclist
that was ultimately involved in the accident riding? Was he in the lane -- in
the westbound lane?
	A	Yes.
	Q	And the other two --
	A	Still there.
	Q	One or two, were they still in the westbound lane?
	A	Yes.
	Q	And do you have any estimate of speed as to how fast they would have
been going at that time? Would they have been going about your speed?
	A	I would say so. Yes.
