VBC543L, KLN2355, 4DFR477, JJH34FR, 435RGTF, DF823BH, FH89WE3, R34BNW9, 9HJ4D78

I paid cash for the furnishings.
The car crashed.
Trish vanished in a flash.
Was it official?
The issue was racial.
What is your specialty?
He is vicious and malicious.
Why is she so capricious?
The woman is obnoxious.
Be cautious and judicious.

vicious, malicious, capricious, obnoxious, judicious

would you be, could you be, sister, have, have the, have been, have had, have
you, have you been, you have, we have, they have, to have, could have, could you
have, could have been, could have had, would have, would you have, would have
been, would have had, did you have, do you have, you have had, they have had, we
have had, very, advice, advise, individual, visit, happen, into, into the,
convenient, convenience, develop, involve

---

The third element of this type of crime requires that one or both men did
perform an act to effect the object of the conspiracy. Such an act must be more
than mere planning. If there was any action which was a step toward
accomplishing the criminal goal, that is sufficient. If you are sure beyond a
reasonable doubt that Bart Bell intended to kidnap the child, that he was part
of a conspiracy to commit that crime, and that one or more men did do something
to contribute to the commission of it, you should find the defendant guilty of
being a partner to the crime. If you are not so satisfied, you must find him not
guilty. As I said to you before, the offense of kidnapping, as that term applies
to this case, is committed by one who uses deceit to induce a child to go from
one location to another, and who does so with intent to cause her to be secretly
confined. Before you may find the defendant guilty of this crime, you must be
sure that the prosecution has proved the following three elements, and that it
has done so by evidence that satisfies you beyond a reasonable doubt. First,
that either Bart Bell, or someone else, induced the child to go from one place
to another. Second, that either Bart Bell, or the other person, used deceit to
induce the child to go from one place to another. Third, that either Bart Bell,
or the other person, induced the child to go from one location to another with
the intention that the child would be confined.

Who Moved My Cheese?
As time went on, Sniff and Scurry continued their routine. They arrived each
morning and sniffed and scratched and scurried around Cheese Station C,
inspecting the area to see if there had been any changes from the day before.
Then, they would sit down to nibble on the cheese. One morning, they arrived at
Cheese Station C, and discovered there was no cheese. They weren't
surprised since Sniff and Scurry had noticed the supply of cheese had been
getting smaller every day. They were prepared for the inevitable, and knew
exactly what to do. They looked at each other, removed the running shoes they
had tied together, and hung conveniently around their necks, put them on their
feet, and laced them up. The mice did not overanalyse things, and they were not
burdened with many hard beliefs. To the mice, the problem and the answer were
both simple. The situation at Cheese Station C had changed. So, Sniff and Scurry
decided to change. They both looked out into the maze. Then, Sniff lifted his
nose, sniffed, and nodded to Scurry, who took off running through the maze,
while Sniff followed as fast as he could. They were quickly off in search of new
cheese. Later that same day, Hem and Haw arrived at Cheese Station C. They had
not been paying attention to the small changes that had been taking place each
day. So, they took it for granted that their cheese would be there. They were
unprepared for what they found. "What, no cheese?!", Hem yelled. He continued
yelling "no cheese, no cheese!", as though if he shouted loud enough, someone
would put it back. "Who moved my cheese?!", he hollered. Finally, he put his
hands on his hips, his face turned red, and he screamed at the top of his voice.
"It's not fair!"

The duty of the jury is to determine whether the plaintiff should be able to
recover all or part of the damages resulting from the plaintiff's part. As
indicated, the defendant has admitted liability for a portion of the injury.
Whether the plaintiff suffered damages as a result of the liability of the
defendant is not the only issue to be decided. What may be decided is whether
these damages resulted from the defendant being the proximate cause of the
accident. As a juror, you must decide the issue of proximate cause. The
proximate cause is the immediate cause. While the defendant may be a part of the
cause, they defendant may not be the proximate cause. There is a difference when
the defendant admitted liability for the accident, the defendant did not admit
liability for being the proximate cause of the accident. A plaintiff who is
injured as a proximate or legal result of some negligent conduct on the part of
the defendant is entitled to recover for such injury from that defendant. The
question for you is to determine whether this fits this case in question. You
must examine whether the conduct of the defendant was negligent. You must also
examine whether this negligent conduct was the only conduct that caused the
accident.

If it was the only negligent conduct, then you must consider this in your
decision. With regard to liability, you must determine the proximate cause of
the accident. You must know that negligence must also be considered on the part
of the plaintiff. You must examine whether the conduct of this individual was in
any way responsible for what happened. You must examine the conduct of the truck
driver as well. A plaintiff who was injured as a proximate or legal result of
such negligent conduct on the part of a defendant is entitled to recover from
that injury from that defendant. The amount must be decided. The plaintiff is
entitled to a verdict in this case if you find that the defendant was negligent,
and that such negligence was a proximate or legal cause of injury to the
plaintiff, you must determine whether the driver of the truck could have been
the proximate cause. For this reason, you must know and understand the meaning
of "negligence".

---

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	And ultimately you operated your business on that property and in those
structures?
	A	That's correct.
	Q	In 1972, what structures were constructed?
	A	Office building, approximately 1,000 square feet, an overhead crane-way
system, approximately 50 feet wide by 100 feet long, asphalt paving, block
walls, street and road improvements. Equipment was added to the property. All
the work was done on the site at that time.
	Q	The building you refer to, is that still there today?
	A	Yes. It is.
	Q	And has it been altered since it was originally constructed in '72?
	A	Just some remodelling has been done.
	Q	By remodelling, it didn't increase the square footage?
	A	No. It did not.
	Q	The overhead crane, is that still in the same place it was in '72?
	A	Yes. It is.
	Q	The paving that was placed there in 1972, is that still there today?
	A	Yes. It is.
	Q	Have you enlarged the paving area since 1972?
	A	We have added some concrete paving in the back shop area, where you'll
get crane-ways.
	Q	The original paving, was that asphalt or concrete?
	A	The original was asphalt.
	Q	The addition, the concrete addition, when was that done?
	A	Approximately four years ago.
	Q	So '91 or so?
	A	'91.
	Q	Is it correct, then, to say that all of the asphalt, which is on the
property now, was originally placed there in 1972, and the only addition is the
concrete area which was added in 1990?
	A	As far as asphalt?
	Q	I was only asking about the paving.
	A	That's correct.
	Q	You indicated that in 1972, some block walls were placed on the
property?
	A	That's correct.
	Q	Would you describe where those block walls were placed in terms of
north, south, east, west?
	A	Block walls were installed on the east side of the property, which would
have been the front of the property, and on the northern side of the property.
	Q	At the time you did the construction in '72, was Rancho Avenue paved?
	A	Yes. It was.
	Q	And you mentioned there were some street improvements. Is that the curb
and gutter?
	A	Curb and gutter, and our part of the asphalt. It was only a two lane
road, and now we have two lanes in front of our office.
	Q	Were any block walls added after 1972?
	A	No.
	Q	And, do those block walls still exist today?
	A	Yes. They do.
	Q	You mentioned --
	A	I'm sorry. We'll step back for a minute. There was some paving that was
added out front of the office where the asphalt -- the asphalt used to run
circular in front of our office, and it was dirt in front of the block wall. In
between the block wall, and the asphalt, we added concrete there for parking.
	Q	When was that done?
	A	Approximately six years ago.

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	You mentioned in 1972 that you added some equipment. What did you mean
by equipment?
	A	Shears, bending equipment for shearing, and bending reinforcing steel
for the fabrication of reinforcing steel, which consisted of racks and rollers
and the other equipment that helps shear and bend steel. The fabrication of
steel.
	Q	Did you ever add any fencing to the south side of the property?
	A	No. I have not.
	Q	How about the west side?
	A	On the west side, we put a gate in the back. The far back.
	Q	When did you do that?
	A	About five-six years ago.
	Q	Why did you put a gate there?
	A	They ran the other one over.
	Q	Somebody ran it over?
	A	Well, some of our trucks ran it down.
	Q	I take it there was a gate there before then?
	A	Yes.
	Q	And had you put that gate there before then?
	A	Yes.
	Q	When did you put the original gate in?
	A	The original gate was put in about ten years ago.
	Q	And why did you put the gate in originally?
	A	Why did we put it in? To keep people out of the back area of the shop.
	Q	Was there ever either a fence or wall on the south side of the property?
	A	There's a partial run down fence. It's not much of a fence. It's fallen
over.
	Q	Was that there in '72?
	A	I don't recall if it was or not. I know we didn't put it in, so it must
have been there.
	Q	Let me just ask for clarification. Do you have a recollection
specifically whether the fence was there in '72?
	A	It must have been because we didn't put it there.
	Q	Do you have a recollection of anybody putting in a fence after '72 along
the south --
	A	No. I do not.
	Q	Let me finish.
	A	I'm sorry.
	Q	That's all right. Do you have a recollection of anybody putting a fence
along the south border of your property since 1972?
	A	No. I do not.

---

BY MR. RIELA:
	Q	Did you see a doctor?
	A	No.
	Q	And what was the nature of the injury?
	A	It was just a 24-foot ladder fell on my shoulder.
	Q	Did you take time off from work?
	A	No.
	Q	Does -- did your shoulder heal completely?
	A	Correct. Yes.
	Q	Did you remain with any side effects of that injury?
	A	No.
	Q	Okay. Outside of work have you ever been injured in a car accident?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Can you tell me when if -- did you have more than one car accident?
	A	One accident.
	Q	Okay. Let's talk about the car accident. When was the accident?
	A	2001.
	Q	And were you a passenger or driver?
	A	I was a driver.
	Q	And where were you driving?
	A	On the 78.
	Q	And where were you going?
	A	To work.
	Q	And that would have been a caregiver job --
	A	Correct.
	Q	At that time?
	A	Correct.
	Q	And were you coming from home, or from some other place?
	A	I was coming from home.
	Q	And what time was it?
	A	It was about 7 a.m.
	Q	And what happened?
	A	I just got rear ended.
	Q	And how were you rear ended? Can you explain the circumstances?
	A	It -- the traffic was fully stopped, and the truck didn't stop fast
enough, so he hit me in the back, and that was the gist of it.
	Q	Was your car incapacitated, or could you drive it?
	A	It was drivable.
	Q	Were you injured?
	A	No.
	Q	Did you --
	MR. SCHAEFFER:  Hold on. His original question was "were you ever injured in
an automobile accident", and you said "yes". He said "how many", and you said
"just one", and now you just told him you weren't injured in an accident. Did I
hear something wrong here?
	MR. RIELA:  No.
	THE WITNESS:  Yeah.
	MR. SCHAEFFER:  So, were you listening to his questions?
	THE WITNESS:  Yes.
	MR. SCHAEFFER:  Then why did you even say you had a car accident, then,
because you weren't injured. You volunteered information you didn't have to.
	THE WITNESS:  Well, it was an accident.
	MR. SCHAEFFER:  But, he asked if you were injured. There is a difference.
	THE WITNESS:  Okay.
	MR. SCHAEFFER:  I need a break now.
	MR. RIELA:  Certainly.
	MR. SCHAEFFER:  Let's go for a walk.
	MR. RIELA:  Let the record reflect that we've taken a brief break so that
Mr. Shaeffer could speak with his client. We're back on the record.
BY MR. RIELA:
	Q	Okay. We were discussing the 2001 car accident. Were you injured in that
car accident?
	A	No.
	Q	Okay. And did you lose any time from work because of that car accident?
	A	No.
	Q	And did you see any doctor or medical professional --
	A	No.
