there have, be able, so many, when will, you can, but the, there are, if you
can
There have been so many requests for samples of our new product, and volume of
email that we've received has been amazing. When will you be able to help us
fill these orders? Would you be free, starting Tuesday? You can work with John
as a team. Please bring your ID and social security card with you. Everyone but
the delivery man has been pitching in to fill these orders. They are working ten
hour days. If you can work, we'll keep you busy. I look forward to hearing from
you.

43 left, 18 right, 29 left, 40 right, 7 left, 37 right, 11 left, 24 right, 16
left
The combination to locker number 4 is 14 right, 22 left, and 16 right. The
combination to locker 16 is 25 right, 42 left, and 5 right. The combination to
locker number 15 is 17 right, 36 left, and 20 right. The combination to locker
number 27 is 8 right, 40 left, and 31 right. Lastly, the combination to locker
number 35 is 21 right, 38 left, and 23 right.

shipment, adjournment, employment, department, ailment, document, movement,
confinement, supplement
The drug shipment was delivered on Wednesday.
Is the shipment of dishes complete?
The document has been entered into evidence.
Where is the document?
The glove compartment was locked.
Does the car have a luggage compartment?
Ray works for the department of health.
The department store closes at 9 p.m.
Did you see the segment of air travel?
What segment of the testimony should we review?
The 2012 supplement is at the end of the book.
You can supplement your diet with fruits and vegetables.
What is her specific ailment?
The ailment is undiagnosed.
Where is your place of employment.
What type of employment are you seeking.
Would you like to make a comment?
Do you have a comment?
After the adjournment, we will pursue this line of questioning.
Any sudden movement will rock the boat.
The movement was caused by a small earthquake.
He is in solitary confinement.
Is his confinement in the state prison necessary?

Are you able to play?
Fame cannot be feigned.
The snake scared me.
The sail was a fake.
The blaze was a shame.
Did you bake a cake?
Did you blame Raymond?
Did you name the mayor?
Jane wore basic beige.
That grey won't fade.
Prepay the break job.
Faye broke the blade.
The car gets good care.
The old lamb went lame.
The cat is named Kate.
The lake lacks water.
Bake in the back room.
May broke the blade.

---

So many of us live our lives as if the secret purpose is to somehow get
everything done. We stay up late, get up early, avoid having fun, and keep our
loved ones waiting. Sadly, I've seen many people put off their loved ones so
long, that the loved ones lose interest in maintaining the relationship. I used
to do this myself. Often, we convince ourselves that our obsession with our to
do list is only temporary. That once we get through the list, we'll be calm,
relaxed, and happy. But in reality, this rarely happens. As items are checked
off, new ones simply replace them. The nature of your inbasket is that its meant
to have items to be completed in it. It's not meant to be empty. There will
always be phone calls that need to be made, projects to complete, and work to be
done. In fact, it can be argued that a full inbasket is essential for success.
It means your time is in demand. Regardless of who you are, or what you do,
however, remember that nothing is more important than your own sense of
happiness and inner peace, and that of your loved ones. If you're obsessed with
getting everything done, you'll never have a sense of well being. In reality,
almost everything can wait. Very little in our work lives truly falls into the
emergency category. If you stay focused on your work, it will get done in due
time. I find that if I remind myself frequently that the purpose of life isn't
to get it all done, but to enjoy each step along the way, and live a life filled
with love, it's far easier to control my obsession with completing my list of
things to do. Remember, when you die there will still be unfinished business to
take care of. And you know what? Someone else will do it for you. Don't waste
any more precious moments of your life regretting the inevitable.

inter vivos, quid pro quo, voir dire, curriculum vitae

A transaction between living persons is referred to as inter vivos. An
inter vivos trust is a legal document creating rights among individuals prior to
the death of any one of them. An inter vivos trust differs from a testamentary
trust. Quid pro quo means "what for what", or "something for something", an
early form of the concept of a consideration in a contract is referred to as a
quid pro quo. The French term "voir dire" means "to speak the truth". A voir
dire examination of a juror is conducted to determine a person's qualification
to serve on a jury. "Curriculum vitae" literally means "the course of one's
life", frequently shortened to CV. A curriculum vitae is a written account of
one's person history in a resume format.

tavern, on the other hand, Miranda rights, officer, in addition, inference

It spelled out the alleged crimes, and referred to facts that led to a
conviction on the theory of party to a crime. These facts were the same ones
that were introduced at trial. The defendant's version of the incident is that
he was too intoxicated to form an intent to commit a crime, and too intoxicated
to know what was going on. He said that he drank a quart of brandy early in the
day, followed by several bottles of beer at various locations. He also said that
he took part in the smoking of several marijuana cigarettes. He said that he and
the other participants went to a bar. He maintains that while they were there,
he drank at least four glasses of beer, and two water glasses full of straight
whiskey. Although he testified that he recalled being at the bar, he claimed to
remember none of the later events of the evening. At the trial, his version of
his drunken state was backed up by several of the other parties. On the other
hand, his version was sharply disputed by the arresting officer, who stated that
he read the Miranda rights to Paul Cross, after Paul Cross asked why he had not
been read his rights. This would show an awareness of what was happening. The
over also said that although it seemed that Paul Cross had been drinking, it did
not appear that he was drunk. The officer did not see anything out of the
ordinary about the way Paul Cross walked. Another officer who was with the
defendant for about a half hour during the booking process, said that he did not
think Mr. Cross was drunk. He stated that he did not smell anything on his
breath, and he stated that Mr. Cross was able to walk and to carry on a coherent
conversation without slurring his speech. Moreover, the state impeached his
credibility. He said that until he was in court, he did not know of a statement
made to the police by another party with regard to his conduct at the scene.

drought, prediction, technology, atmosphere, weather, meteorologist, phenomenon,
meteorology, vulnerable, forecast, fluctuation, science, troposphere

One of the most important factors influencing the environment is the weather.
People have had to cope with the fluctuations of weather patterns for centuries.
With all of the advancements in technology, we still find ourselves as
vulnerable as ever to rain, sleet, snow, hail, and drought. The science that
deals with the study of weather is known as meteorology. The weather phenomenon
that takes place in a relatively small portion of the atmosphere, which extends
six to ten miles above the earth. This area is called troposphere. The air in
the troposphere is in constant movement, which explains the changes in the
weather patterns. Meteorologists have learned much about the weather and its
cycles. We do not hesitate to make predictions and forecasts, but all too often
the factors affecting a weather forecast can change dramatically, making any
prediction totally inaccurate.

arson, forgery, malicious, consummation, falsification, bribery, assault,
battery, defraud, penalty, burglary

Arson is the malicious and willful burning of property. Most states provide a
severe penalty when arson is committed, and lives are threatened, and assault is
a threat to an individual to inflict bodily harm or injury. Battery is the
actual consummation of the threat. Bribery is the exchange of anything of value
in order to influence a decision or act. Bribery is considered a misdemeanor. In
most states, burglary is the crime of breaking and entering with the intent to
commit a felony. Forgery is the alteration or falsification of a written
instrument with the clear intent to defraud.

---

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Could you tell us the circumstances that occurred on March 10, 2010, at
the Connecticut State Prison in Bridgemont?
	A	Yes. That morning, I was working as a security guard assigned to Unit
12, Cell Blocks 3 and 4.
	THE COURT:  Please, proceed.
	THE WITNESS:  On that particular morning, my supervisor, Sergeant York,
informed us that we would be holding a surprise inspection of the A Wing.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	What is the A Wing?
	A	The A Wing is a closely monitored section within Connecticut's State
Prison. It contains maximum security cells.
	Q	Why is an individual sent to the A Wing?
	A	It all depends. Some individuals are very dangerous. They have committed
murder, multiple murders, and most have already been incarcerated in several
other institutions.
	MR. STPHAO:  Then murders are the only prisoners in this A Wing?
	THE WITNESS:  Well, no. Some are escape risks. They have broken out before,
or tried. Some are high powered people, members of the Mafia, the underworld,
gangs, and other organised crime units.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Did you assist in conducting a search?
	A	Yes. I did.
	Q	During the search, did an incident occur in Eric Lewis's cell?
	A	Yes.
	Q	What happened?
	A	We finished searching the A Wing, and were returning the inmates to
their cells. Inmate Lewis approached the bars, and became argumentative with me
regarding the removal of personal belongings from his cell.
	THE COURT:  What did you remove?
	THE WITNESS:  A small piece of metal, and a sharpened pencil.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	What was said by Inmate Lewis?
	A	He again using a great deal of profanity, trying to enrage the other
prisoners. He began tearing his cell apart.
	Q	What happened then?
	A	After a ordered the other inmates into their cells and locked them down,
we entered Inmate Lewis's cell.
	Q	Did a fight ensue?
	A	Yes. Inmate Lewis refused to calm down. He continued throwing things.
Sergeant York struck the inmate across the back in an effort to make him stop.
Inmate Lewis swung at Sergeant York, and hit him in the left jaw. He fell to the
ground.
	Q	Then what happened?
	A	I attempted to assist Sergeant York. I grabbed Inmate Lewis from the
back in a choke hold. At the same time, Sergeant York was able to return to a
standing position.
	MR. STPHAO:  Were you able to restrain him?
	THE WITNESS:  Yes. Sergeant York put the handcuffs on him, and we returned
to exit the cell.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	What happened next?
	A	Inmate Lewis was being led from the cell when he performed a karate-type
kick into Sergeant York's back. York fell to the ground.
	Q	Were you able to control Inmate Lewis?
	A	Yes. I hit him in the back of the head with my night stick, and he fell
to the ground. I then called for assistance on my radio unit.
	Q	Why didn't you call for assistance prior to this time if you knew of the
prisoner's violent nature and past history?
	A	Everybody around us happened so quickly. It did not cross my mind.
	Q	What happened next?
	A	Guards Connor and Kilroy entered A Wing and assisted us.
	Q	Was the prisoner rendered unconscious?
	A	Yes. He appeared to be.
	THE COURT:  Was Sergeant York unconscious?
	THE WITNESS:  No. But he was in extreme pain, and could barely stand up.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	What happened next?
	A	Guard Kilroy radioed for medical help, to be sent from the prison
hospital to A Wing, and began to assist Sergeant York.
	Q	What did guard Connor do?
	A	He began checking cells in the A Wing, to make sure no other
disturbances were about to start.
	Q	Did anyone check to see whether or not Inmate Lewis was breathing or
conscious?
	A	No.
	MR. STPHAO:  What position was he in?
	THE WITNESS:  Lying face down, his arms behind him, his hands in cuffs.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	How long did it take for medical assistance to arrive?
	A	About ten minutes.

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Did you get all of that? We're going to have to take that a tiny bit
slower. So, the dog started running at Daniel, and you ran into the house?
	A	Yes.
	Q	And then what did you say after you ran into the house?
	A	I told everyone that Daniel was being attacked by a dog and --
	Q	Let's stop right there. Did you see the dog bite Daniel before you ran
into the house?
	A	No.
	Q	Did you see the dog bite Daniel before you told everyone that Daniel was
being attacked?
	A	No.
	Q	Now, what's the next thing that happened?
	A	I went outside to check if the dog was gone.
	Q	Okay. Stop right there.
	MR. STPHAO:  When you went outside to see if the dog was gone, what did you
see?
	THE WITNESS:  I saw Daniel hopping into the garage.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Where were you when you saw Daniel hopping?
	A	I was by the door.
	Q	The little door that goes from the house to the garage?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Okay. When you saw Daniel hopping, did you see the dog?
	A	No.
	Q	What did you do when you saw Daniel hopping?
	A	I just opened the door and let him hop in.
	Q	Did you see Daniel hop?
	A	Yeah.
	MR. STPHAO:  How far did he hop?
	THE WITNESS:  He hopped from the fence to the door.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Did you see him hop all the way from the fence to the little garage
door?
	A	No.
	Q	When was Daniel -- was Daniel in the garage or was he out by the fence
when you saw him hopping?
	A	He was in the garage.
	Q	Was he next to the jeep?
	A	Yes.
	THE COURT:  Next to what part of the jeep?
	THE WITNESS:  Passenger.
	THE COURT:  Okay. He was on the passenger side?
	THE WITNESS:  Uh-huh.
	THE COURT:  Was he next to a tyre? Passenger door?
	THE WITNESS:  I'd say in between.

---

BY MR. HALL:
	Q	You don't know how title was originally taken?
	A	No.
	Q	The note that we have been talking about, when was that executed?
	A	You must have it there. I don't. It looks like July the 3rd. Where is
this?
	MR. STONE:  What is the question, counsel? The witness is confused.
	MR. HALL:  My question was when was the note written?
	THE WITNESS:  It was June 23, 2012.
BY MR. HALL:
	Q	Mr. Berg, I am again going to ask you when Kay and Steve Berg purchased
the home in Thousand Oaks?
	A	I cannot remember. Well, they had been talking with these people way
before I ever came into the picture.
	Q	Well, was the note written at the time the money was paid? This
$240,000.
	A	Since it came from them, it came from Thousand Oaks. So, it must have
been both of them that paid at the same time. I am not sure.
	THE COURT:  Will you restate that question please. See if you can clarify
it.
BY MR. HALL:
	Q	At the time you gave the $240,000 to Kay and Steve Berg, you said you
made it clear to them this was only a loan?
	A	That is right.
	Q	It was not a gift?
	A	That is right.
	Q	And did you ask about the note of $240,000 to be paid at that time?
	A	Yes. That is right.
	Q	Well, when was that note written?
	A	I don't know.
	Q	Well, the note and Deed of Trust are dated June 23, 2012.
	A	So, that must be at the same time.
	MR. STONE:  You have not -- you have shown us a copy of a trust deed.
	MR. HALL:  Well, there is a note for $240,000 on this page here.
	MR. STONE:  Right here, it says note, in the following form, making it clear
there is another note.
	THE WITNESS:  Here it is. It's right here.
BY MR. HALL:
	Q	Is this a copy of the note that was written in connection with
that $240,000?
	A	Is this the similar one that I gave to you.
	MR. STONE:  I don't have in my file a document, but I believe there is
another note. I believe that has been given to you.
	MR. HALL:  I have more copies of the recorded note. Is the note that was
recorded, the note that was written?
	MR. STONE:  I object to that question. Unless you are going to show him what
you are talking about. Which one are we talking about? I don't know why a note
would be recorded.
