You were not in compliance.
In essence, you have no defence.
Vince will be sentenced today.
The books do not balance.
This is an act of negligence.
His fingerprints will hang him.
We lingered near the swings.
I was wrong to go along.
Does the ring belong to you?

3,814 4,316 934 9,427 3,189 7,002 2,253 2,793 5,722 728 461 325 3,597 4,355
5,334 5,953 1,436 5,799

Guns are commonly used weapons.
Rifles, pistols, and revolvers, are names that refer to guns.
Bullets, called projectiles, are fired through the barrel or cylinder of a gun.
The diameter of a bullet is called the calibre.
The study of the effects of firing a gun is called ballistics.
Knives are also commonly used weapons. Knives may be described as single edged
and double edged.
Jackknives are large pocket knives.
A switchblade knife snaps open.
All devices that cause death or injury are weapons.

CUU7823, H6547GV, F675GVT, KWI1352, 8G7X4N4, P44T8X2, KP4482B, T7835RF, 8RTY343

Wish List
Learn to rock climb.
Bicycle across the country.
See the cacti bloom in the Mojave Desert.
Write a book that changes someone's life for the better.
Make the shot that wins the game just as the final buzzer sounds.

---

Highway Traffic Act
It definitely appears that both motorists were driving at a speed lower than the
maximum permitted under the Highway Traffic Act, but the fact that the speed of
a vehicle is less than permitted by law does not relieve the driver from the
responsibility of reducing speed when special hazards exist with respect to
weather visibility or highway conditions. It was the duty of each of these
drivers to keep his vehicle in his own lane of the pavement. This collision
could not have happened if each had done his duty in that respect. It is for you
jurors, as judges of the facts, to determine where and how this accident
happened, and who was to blame. Whether both drivers were guilty of negligence,
which substantially contributed to cause the accident, or if weather conditions
alone were responsible. Should you find that both drivers were guilty of
violation, and the violation by each was an approximate cause of the accident,
then neither party can avoid liability.

The same reporter wrote to me recently. Thanks for my buck up speech, each time
I needed that to focus. It really wasn't as bad as I tried to make it out each
time. Now, what should I work toward? I can tell this court reporter likes
having a full plate. One student wrote "I am writing cleaner. I feel a pass
coming soon. I shouldn't be focusing on what other -- everyone else is doing,
right? It's all about me, right?" The student passed her two certifying tests
that week. Another student said "wow, you sure took the saddle off that
elephant, and I now have to choose a better path". I replied "perhaps you do not
want to swan dive into the mind games. Simply focus on your strengths, and
improve your weaknesses".

Contributory Negligence
Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, contributory negligence is a want of ordinary
or reasonable care on the part of the person injuried by the negligence of
another, directly contributing to the injury as a proximate cause thereof.
Contributory negligence may also be defined as a failure on the part of a person
injured by the negligence of another to exercise ordinary or reasonable care to
avoid the injury. One cannot recover damages for an injury to the commission of
which he has directly contributed. If the passenger is at fault, whether because
of doing something he should not have done, or in failing to do something he
should have done, then he cannot recover damages for injuries he has sustained.
If the passenger's negligence has been a proximate cause of his injuries, he
cannot recover from another who has also been negligent.

New opportunities can begin with small steps. We can each evolve to a better
place when we choose opportunities or when we are given ultimatums. Perhaps
there has never been a better time to expand your skills, or perhaps you believe
there has to be a secret sauce to reaching your goal, your desired result. Yet,
you know that once you reach your goal, your tenacity will instantly focus on
the creation of the next hurdle. We often use that word, and on to the next
challenge. We are not individuals that rest on our laurels. Based on my many
years of teaching, and coaching, I can say that the normal state of a court
reporter's or court reporting student's mind is setting goals and expanding his
or her skills. Why am I writing about this now? I want you to know that you are
not alone. Attorneys are requesting more and expecting more. Consumers want
more, too. The awareness of unprecedented access to an instant record from court
reporters, captioners, and CART providers, has changed our profession.

Who Moved My Cheese
Now he felt that it was just a question of time before he found what he needed.
In fact, he sensed he had already found what he was looking for. He smiled as he
realised it is safer to search in the maze than remain in a cheese-less
situation. Haw realised again, as he had once before, that what you are afraid
of is never as bad as what you imagine. The fear you let build up in your mind
is worse than the situation that actually exists. He'd been so afraid of never
finding new cheese, that he didn't even want to start looking. But, since
starting his journey, he had found enough cheese in the halls to keep him going.
Now, he looked forward to finding more. Just looking ahead was becoming
exciting.

Contributory Negligence
But before you can find that the plaintiff is barred from recovery because of
his own contributory negligence, you must find that his negligence was a
substantial factor which, together with the defendant's negligence, proximately
caused the accident. If the plaintiff, in the exercise of ordinary care, under
the circumstances, should have been aware either that the defendant was
unmindful of some danger, known or apparent to the plaintiff, or that the
defendant was not taking proper precaution in the operation of the car, and the
plaintiff failed to admonish the driver, or failed to take proper steps for his
own safety. And, if such failure to admonish the driver was a substantial factor
in proximately causing the accident, then the plaintiff cannot recover, even
though the driver was negligent. But, if you find from the evidence that, as the
car in which the plaintiff was riding, approached the place of the accident, the
plaintiff exercised the care that a person of ordinary prudence and care would
have exercised under the same circumstances with regard to admonishing the
driver, then the plaintiff was not guilty of contributory negligence.

---

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Mr. West, were you in a motor vehicle yourself when you first saw this
car northbound?
	A	Yes. I was.
	Q	The car that finally was involved in a collision?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Was anyone with you in your car at that time?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Who was that, Mr. West?
	A	Three passengers other than my brother.
	Q	All right. Who were these three passengers that were with you?
	A	One was Victor Patterson.
	Q	Who were the other two? Do you recall?
	A	The other two I didn't know.
	Q	Pardon me?
	A	The other two I didn't know. They were friends of his.
	Q	Of Victor's?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Were you parked on Vermont?
	A	No. I wasn't.
	Q	Were you parked on Maple?
	A	No.
	Q	Where were you parked?
	A	About 25 yards from Vermont at a dead end street.
	Q	What direction does that run? The street that you were parked on?
	A	Southwest.
	Q	Does it run, more or less, parallel with Maple?
	A	Well, it seems to run right through from one corner to another, but not
directly. It runs right across the middle at maybe a 45 degree angle, I think.
	Q	Do you know the name of the street?
	A	No. I don't.
	Q	Does this street come to a dead end, more or less, at the northeast
section of the intersection of Vermont and Maple?
	A	Approximately 35 yards.

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Put a "P" by the second arrow there.
	A	The other reason it was used like that is a lot of people drove up in
here. I don't know why they went up in there. To ride motorcycles or dump trash
or whatever. That's the only access to this property at this time. There was not
other access to this property at all except going back through this area.
	Q	Is it fair to say that the most common use of your vehicles as you've
indicated is to the "B" location?
	A	We never went as far as that.
	Q	The arrow you've drawn, which you put a "B" by?
	A	We used that more often than we did that area.
	Q	And "A" was used very seldom?
	A	Yes.
	Q	I don't have anything further. Do you have anything?
	MR. EUFPLT:  Yes. Thank you. I have just a few questions. I appreciate the
opportunity to clarify a few things.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	You mentioned that two to three years ago, somebody had placed a lot of
dirt on the west end of the easement property. Is that correct?
	A	It wouldn't be the west end -- oh, the easement?
	Q	Yes.
	A	It would be the south side of the easement.
	Q	The south side at the west or all along?
	A	All along the whole south side of the easement -- excuse me, it would be
the east side of the easement on the south side of the easement. The southeast
side of the easement is where all of the dirt was placed.
	Q	Are you saying there wasn't any dirt placed on the west end of the
easement?
	A	No.
	Q	Yes, you are saying that?
	A	I'm saying that.
	Q	Do you know who put the dirt on what you're calling the south side?
	A	The Elliots did.
	Q	The Elliots put that there?
	A	It's the southeast side -- what you're saying is the abandoned railroad
property.
	Q	Yes. I think that's what we're calling the easement property.
	A	It's all in this area right up in here. I don't know if you want me to
draw on it or not.
	MR. STPHAO:  He hasn't asked you to yet. If he asks you to, then do it. I
don't want to clutter it up.
	THE WITNESS:  It's all this area up here. No dirt was put back in here at
all.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Do you see the line that's on the easement property that runs along in a
curve? That line. When you just showed me where the dirt was, you went
considerably south of that?
	A	This whole area right here.
	MR. EUFPLT:  Let's note that Mr. Miller is pointing principally to an area
that's south of the easement. Is that correct.
	THE WITNESS:  Excuse me. There's some dirt that goes on the easement itself.
I'd say it's about half the easement. Maybe a little more. Half has dirt on it.
This whole area up here.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	And the dirt also was put south of the easement. Is that correct?
	A	Yes. It was. All the way down to the liquor store on the corner. The
dirt was put all of the way into this whole area right here.
	Q	Is that the same area where the fence was erected?
	A	That's correct. The fence was erected there.
	Q	If I understand correctly, you said you have a pretty good idea of what
was happening in respect to the easement property since 1972?
	A	That's correct.

---

BY MS. REYES:
	Q	The one that was involved in the accident?
	A	Yes. I know.
	Q	Okay. Have you given any other written statements to anyone else --
	A	No.
	Q	About this accident?
	A	No.
	Q	Have you given any recorded -- video or audio statements to anyone else
about this accident?
	A	No.
	Q	Okay. I think that's all I have.
BY MR. SANTOS:
	Q	I just have a couple follow ups real quick.
	A	Sure.
	Q	With regard to the interview that you gave to Milton -- Mr. Milton, you
mentioned you don't know who he represented?
	A	I did not.
	Q	Okay. If he would have been hired by any of the parties in this case,
you would have given the same statement. Is that fair and accurate?
	A	Yes.
	Q	In other words, what you did is you just told the truth?
	A	I just told the way I remembered it.
	Q	Okay. Now, with regard to the -- you gave some testimony and I think you
also mentioned in your statement that what you tried to do is to move your
vehicle to the right --
	A	Yes.
	Q	To get thinking if these guys want to -- these motorcycles want to pass,
they can go ahead and pass. You wanted to give them a little bit of room?
	A	Right.
	Q	And you're not exactly sure how far to the right you moved --
	A	No.
	Q	But you just know you moved a little to the right?
	A	Yes.
	Q	And it was your impression that the motorcyclist, who ultimately came in
contact with the van -- was it your impression that he was actually in the
eastbound lane at some time?
	A	Yes.
	MS. REYES:  Asked and answered.
BY MR. SANTOS:
	Q	The motorcyclist that was involved in the accident -- and I want to make
sure I'm clear on this, he was not the motorcyclist that you saw pass you. Is
that right? That was a poor question.
	MS. REYES:  Vague and ambiguous.
BY MR. SANTOS:
	Q	The motorcyclist you had seen when you're further back on Main, further
east as you're westbound, some motorcyclists passed you. You mentioned, right?
	A	Yes.
	MS. REYES:  The 4260.
	MR. SANTOS:  Yeah. The 4260.
	THE WITNESS:  All right.
	MR. SANTOS:  Okay.
BY MR. SANTOS:
	Q	They had -- they had passed you, and at the time they had passed you,
obviously the one who was involved in the accident was still behind you?
	A	Correct.
	Q	And I just want to make certain that I understand. The guy who was
involved in the accident --
	A	Yes.
	Q	He had not passed you -- he had not passed you before the accident?
	A	You mean and come back?
	Q	Right?
	A	No.
