I flew to New York.
She was sick with the flu.
The chimney flue is open.
This may be a mistake.
Maybe the suspect is innocent.
We found a pair of gloves.
Pare the pear.
A painter has a palette.
The goods were stored on pallets.

flexible, expenses, elderly, captured, corruption, transition, crossing,
flooring, ignored, dollars, crumbling, amendment, fugitive, group, update,
plantation, abuse, encouraged, intelligent, damaging, testimony, enforcement,
insurance, granted, stroke, birthday, popular, dream, basketball

A white male between 21 and 25 years old was seen leaving the scene of the
accident. He was around 6 feet tall and weighed about 175 pounds. He had dark
brown hair and a mustache. There was a scar over his left eye. He was with a
female between 18 and 20. She was about 5 feet 2 inches tall, and weighed
approximately 120 pounds. She had short blonde hair and blue eyes. They joined a
black male between 35 and 40 years old. He was tall, muscular, and clean shaven.
He wore glasses.

The Wish List
Play steel drums.
Earn a cool nickname.
Travel abroad for a year.
Add a screened sleeping porch to my house and sleep there all summer long.
Work at a stand up desk.
Create, rather than complain.
Find a four leaf clover.
Construct an ice sculpture.
Praise, rather than criticise.
Acquire the ability to speak articulately off the cuff in public.
Attend the inaugural ball.
See my children happily married.
Re-read my favourite book.

---

A new year can mean a fresh start for many people, and it is the reason that so
many people decide to make new years resolutions. Whether it's a personal or a
professional one, goals can make people look at their lives a little
differently, and consider potential alternatives to the way they do things
currently. But having goals is just the beginning. Two important, but overlooked
factors for goal making are assigning a value to each goal and following through
with a plan. The value is really about why the person thinks this is a good
goal. While many people often have the same kinds of goals, how many people
decide to lose weight every New Year's Day? Or, decide to look for a better job?
People have different reasons for deciding that goal. Let's take the example of
becoming more proficient with realtime. One person may want to become better at
realtime to be able to take on captioning jobs, while another person's realtime
goal is all about saving time. That's assigning a value to a goal, and
understanding it's value can keep many people motivated when the progress is
slow.

Common Carrier
Gentlemen of the jury, a common carrier is one who undertakes, for hire, to
transport from place to place the goods or persons of those who choose to employ
him. The defendant, in taking and transporting the machine here in question, was
a common carrier for hire. Generally, a common carrier of goods ensures the safe
transportation of goods committed to him for that purpose, and he is responsible
for all damages to the same while in transit. However, there are certain
exceptions to this rule. One of these exceptions is if the loss or damage arose
solely from the fault of the shipper himself. That is, if the goods or freight
transported is improperly packed, or improperly loaded by the shipper, and this
fact is not apparent or known to the carrier, and the carrier is not at fault
himself in causing the damage, then the carrier is not liable for the loss or
damage resulting from such improper loading by the shipper.

Who Moved My Cheese?
Haw looked down the dark passageway, and was aware of his fear. What lay ahead?
Was it empty, or worse, were there dangers lurking? He began to imagine all
kinds of frightening things that could happen to him. He was scaring himself to
death. Then, he laughed at himself. He realised his fears were making things
worse. So, he did what he would do if he wasn't afraid. He moved in a new
direction. As he started running down the dark hall, he began to smile. Haw
didn't realise it yet, but he was discovering what nourished his soul. He was
letting go and trusting what lay ahead for him, even though he did not know
exactly what it was. To his surprise, Haw started to enjoy himself more and
more. "Why do I feel so good?", he wandered, "I don't have any cheese and I
don't know where I am going". Before long, he knew why he felt good. He stopped
to write again on the wall. When you move beyond your fear, you feel free. Haw
realised that he had been held captive by his own fear. Moving in a new
direction had freed him.

It cannot be said, however, that the carrier must have known that the machine
was not, in fact, safely loaded. The shipper usually knows better than the
carrier the manner in which the goods have been packed, or loaded, and the
manner in which they should be packed or loaded, and even though the carrier may
have knowledge of some defect in the packing or loading, still, if it is not
apparent to the ordinary observation of the carrier that the goods cannot be
safely carried in the condition in which they are presented, the carrier should
not be held to take the chances of damage or injury from such improper packing
or loading. The burden of proof rests upon the defendant to prove by the
preponderance of the evidence that the loss or damage arose solely from the
improper loading by the defendant.

Great Things Never Come From Comfort Zones
It's also important to make a plan toward a goal and deadlines keep you
accountable for making progress. Many New Year's resolutions fail because a plan
is never put in place. To go back to the example of becoming more realtime
proficient, the person who is interested in taking on captioning jobs may decide
to sign up for certification tests, download practice dictation at the speeds
needed, and devote 15 minutes every day to practice. Another person may decide
that cleaning up his or her dictionary is a good first step to better realtime,
followed by getting support through a train group, and hiring a scopist to
further refine a dictionary and help speed processing transcripts. Both people
have mapped out a pathway to becoming realtime proficient, but the different
values they assign to the final goal will help them decide which steps to take.
Another important step to making goals stick is to anticipate obstacles, and
figure out ways to overcome them ahead of time. Things happen every day that can
cause us to not follow the plan we've set out for ourselves. For instance, if
part of the plan is to practice every day, what happens if you miss a day for
illness or travel or whenever reason. Maybe one person will decide that it's
important to practice no matter what, and decide that if the reason is one that
has to do with lack of a steno machine, that air steno practice is good enough
once in a while, that person may also make the next day's practice mandatory.
Someone else might decide that if they want to practice every day, they will do
it before anything else happens that day, making it harder for a change in
habits to derail the plan.

---

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Do you think this marriage can be saved?
	A	No, sir.
	Q	Do you think the present situation of both living under the same roof
with that attitude on both your parts is advisable?
	A	I see nothing against it.
	Q	You would prefer living under the same roof with your wife at a time
when you feel the marriage is not salvageable, and there is no possible solution
to the marriage?
	A	I believe there is no reason why my wife and I couldn't reside in that
house until the divorce is settled.
	Q	You don't feel that there is any detrimental effect on the children?
	A	No, sir. The only detrimental effect is that she is not there at night
to say good night to the children.
	Q	What kind of conduct do you display towards each other? Do you sit and
talk or argue? What do you do?
	A	Well, are you talking about now?
	Q	In the past six months.
	A	I would say there has been a strange silence.
	Q	Do you have discussions?
	A	No. I would say we talk, but I would say that the better part of the
evening is just silent.
	Q	Is there tension?
	A	Not on my part.
	Q	Do you think there is on the part of your wife?
	A	You will have to ask her.
	Q	Do you think the reason that she is leaving the house in the evening
when you are there to watch the children is the fact that there is tension when
you are under the same roof with her?
	A	I think that is what she is telling herself.
	Q	But you feel that the solution to this problem would be a divorce?
	A	Yes, sir.
	Q	So, you have no objection to the securing of a divorce?
	A	I shall actively seek it myself.
	Q	And you feel you are qualified to have custody of the children?
	A	Yes, sir.

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	And do you have a recollection of how long they've done that?
	A	They've done it for a long time.
	Q	Do you have any recollection of how long?
	A	We've been using that back area out there, going up the hill and over
there on this other property, since I've been there in 1977.
	Q	And do you know how many times a week they would do that?
	A	How many times a week depends on how busy we are. But it would be a
couple times a week anyway unless it was some of our own cars driving out there,
and that could be every other day. Our own vehicles drive out there, too. I have
people like Smith Steel and other people that drive out there. You can ask them
if they use it or not. I'm sure they'll testify that they do.
	Q	And you acquired this property from your father in what year?
	A	1980 is when we bought the property. We actually started it in 1977.
	Q	And it was you and your brother who bought the property?
	A	Me and my two brothers. One is no longer a partner.
	Q	I take it your father passed away?
	A	That's correct.
	Q	When did he pass away?
	A	About eight years ago.
	Q	Other than the uses which you've testified to, have you used any other
portion of the easement?
	A	No. Well, we have driven back through it here, but we never used it for
any type of storage, or anything else.
	Q	When you say you drove, what did you drive?
	A	We drove vehicles back through there.
	Q	Are you talking about recreational vehicles or trucks?
	A	Our own vehicles, but it wasn't for any particular reason.
	Q	And how often have you done that?
	A	Five, six, seven times a year.
	Q	Did anybody ever see you do it?
	A	I don't know if they have or not.
	Q	Do you have any photographs of any of your use of the property?
	A	I'm sure there are some, but I don't have any personally, no. I'm sure
some of the workers have taken some photographs when out there making cages that
we built. They like to take pictures of their work sometimes.
	Q	Are you aware of anyone else using the property?
	A	Nobody has ever used that property except us for anything.
	Q	Are you aware whether anybody has put up any fencing --
	MR. EUFPLT:  Excuse me. Again, can I clarify by saying anybody else using
that property, do you mean the easement property?
	MR. STPHAO:  Yes.
	MR. EUFPLT:  Did your answer mean the easement property?
	THE WITNESS:  Yes. It would be the south side right through here. This area
right here.

BY MR. MORRIS:
	Q	Did you suffer any additional injury that you didn't have on January 1?
Did you hurt your back? Did you hurt your hip? Did you hit your head? Did you
suffer any additional injuries that you didn't have before you fell?
	A	No.
	Q	So, all the injury that you're alleging in this case occurred on January
1. Is that correct?
	A	That's correct.
	MS. ANTONIO:  And off the record for a second.
	MS. ANTONIO:  Let's go back on the record. Okay, so you fell in your home on
a date in February of 2011. You injuried yourself, mopping up after a fire on
January 1st, 2011. Are there any other body parts besides the ankle -- right
ankle, right foot, right knee, right hip, and lower back, that you injured on
January 1st, 2011?
	THE WITNESS:  No.
	MS. ANTONIO:  Okay. What is the current state of those injuries? How are you
feeling today, as we sit here with regard to your right ankle?
	MR. MORRIS:  Is it the same, better, or worse, would you say? That's how I
want you to express yourself. He's asking you, and he will for every one of the
body parts he just mentioned, are you feeling better, are you feeling worse, or
the same from the date of injury to today.
	THE WITNESS:  Worse.
	MS. ANTONIO:  So, your right ankle is worse than on January 1st, 2011. Tell
me what symptoms you have today with regard to your ankle. Start with how many
surgeries have you had on the ankle already.
	THE WITNESS:  One.
	MS. ANTONIO:  Are they wanting to do another one?
	THE WITNESS:  Correct.
	MS. ANTONIO:  Has -- you mentioned another surgery may be warranted. Is that
scheduled?
	THE WITNESS:  No.
	MS. ANTONIO:  Tell me with regard to your right foot, is that better, worse,
or the same than on January 1st, 2011?
	THE WITNESS:  Worse.
	MS. ANTONIO:  And how about your knee -- your right knee?
	THE WITNESS:  Worse.
	MS. ANTONIO:  How about your right hip?
	THE WITNESS:  Worse.
	MS. ANTONIO:  And how about your lower back?
	THE WITNESS:  Worse.
	MS. ANTONIO:  Okay.
BY MR. MORRIS:
	Q	Are there any other body parts he has not mentioned that the doctors are
treating you for, or have treated you for since this date of injury?
	A	No.
	Q	Did any other doctor recommend you be seen by a dentist?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Why?
	A	Because I told him I had a problem with a tooth.
	Q	And have you, in fact, seen a Dr. Burns as a dentist?
	A	Correct.
	MS. ANTONIO:  Are you currently seeing Dr. Burns?
	THE WITNESS:  No.
	MS. ANTONIO:  Okay. Did you see a therapist for treatment?
	THE WITNESS:  Correct.
	MS. ANTONIO:  Who was that?
	THE WITNESS:  Dr. Keene.
