The coliseum collapsed.
What colour is the Collie?
My colleagues are in collusion.
Requiring collateral is common.
This is too complex to comprehend.
This construction was condemned.
Be concise and consistent.

November 19th, 2001
October 1, 1922
September 20, 1800
April 3, 1932
November 15, 1947
January 5, 1850
February 25, 1812
March 7, 1901
April 24, 1972
May 9, 2010
December 28, 2003
August 11, 1911
June 1, 1985

Second Avenue is adjacent to the highway.
Her estate adjoins the lake.
There are trees in front and behind the house.
The car was alongside the garage.
A ladder was in a vertical position against the wall.
The items on the table were in a horizontal position.
A rug was in the center of the room.
There is a guest room upstairs.
There is a basement beneath the house.
A lot is across the street.
Their business is down the street.
Profits are up and down.
Will they go backwards or forward?

3.54, 5.97, 4.41, 2.45, 3.56, 8.60, 4.91, 9.39, 7.03, 5.44, 9.73, 4.15, 4.58,
5.62, 6.03, 9.12, 3.91, 8.38

limited motion, fatal wounds, patient admitted, wound of exit, good physical
condition, subject to irritation, pelvic wall, entrance and exit, passing out,
mental shock, treatment, signs and symptoms, injury or trauma, quite painful,
chest cavity, stopped breathing

---

Sales Warranty
Ladies and Gentlemen of the Jury, the burden of proof rests upon the defendant
to prove by the greater weight of the evidence that the property in question was
in a damaged condition as claimed by him when the property was delivered to him,
at which the title passed from the plaintiff to the defendant. Any damage, of
course, after such delivery, which was not due to any negligence or fault on the
part of the plaintiff, could not be charged to the plaintiff. Upon a breach of
warranty on the sale of personal property, the buyer has the right to recover
for all damages, which in the contemplation of the parties, or according to the
natural or usual course of things, may result from said such breach. The
ordinary measure of damages is the difference between the actual value of the
goods sold, and what would have been their value if they had been as warranted.

Great Things Never Came From Comfort Zones
Not every obstacle is about a regular habit, however, and a change in tactics
may be called for when approaching that kind of obstacle. Perhaps the problem is
finding a support group such as Train. Brainstorm other ways to connect with a
like-minded group. For instance, through social media such as the Train group on
Facebook, or another court reporting group that offers help with realtime
questions. Another possible is to use the material on NCRA's Train web page to
create a group that is more local or more focused on a particular issue. Another
possible would be to reach out to a vendor or state association to see if
additional training would help, or review relevant materials through an online
resource. As a final suggestion, make sure to review goals and deadlines on a
regular basis. Progress towards a goal may be slow at first, but patience and
determination characteristics inherent in many court reporters, captioners, and
others associated with the profession, will go a long way to making goals
reality. Don't be afraid to fail; be afraid not to try.

Sales Warranty
In this case, the defendant claims to have sustained such damages because of
certain losses sustained by reason of plaintiff's breach of warranty, and in
this claim is included profits or gains which he would have realised from the
chickens purchased, had they been in the condition as represented. He claims
that because of his losses, and the death of these chickens, such profits were
denied him. It is a law that where reasonable profits or gains are prevented and
losses sustained because of a breach of warranty, and where the losses may be
determined with reasonable certainty from the evidence, then such contemplated
profits may be recovered by the buyer. However, such damages can be recovered
only when capable of being ascertained with a reasonable degree of certainty,
and when such contemplated profits are within the contemplation of the parties
as a result of the breach of warranty.

Who Moved My Cheese
Now he felt the cool breeze that was blowing in this part of the maze, and it
was refreshing. He took in some deep breaths, and felt invigorated by the
movement. Once he had gotten past his fear, it turned out to be more
enjoyable than he once believed it could be. Haw hadn't felt this way for a long
time. He had almost forgotten how much fun it was. To make things even better,
Haw started to paint a picture in his mind. He saw himself in great realistic
detail, sitting in the middle of a pile of all his favourite cheeses, from
cheddar to brie. He saw himself eating the many cheeses he liked, and he enjoyed
what he saw. Then, he imagined how much he would enjoy all their great tastes.
The more clearly he saw the image of new cheese, the more real it became, and
the more he could sense that he was going to find it. He wrote "imagining myself
enjoying new cheese even before I find it leads me to it".

Arson
Ladies and gentlemen, the plaintiff in this case is charged by the defendant
with having committed a criminal act: the act of arson. In a case of this kind,
the presumption of innocence exists, and the probability that one will commit a
crime is an element here involved, which should be considered by you with all
the other evidence in the case. After viewing the whole case with such
carefulness as the gravity of the subject demands, the issue should be
determined in accordance with the preponderance of the proof. A fraud is never
presumed, and must be proved. If a fire is seen to break out in two or more
places, at about the same time, at points distant from each other, it is for you
to say whether or not those fires were started by human agency, or whether it
was an accident or misfortune that started them. That is a question of fact for
you to determine.

Who Moved My Cheese
Why didn't I do this before, Haw asked himself. Then he raced through the maze
with greater strength and agility. Before long, he spotted a cheese station, and
became excited as he noticed little pieces of new cheese near the entrance. They
were types of cheeses he had never seen before, but they looked great. He tried
them, and found that they were delicious. He ate most of the new cheese bits
that were available, and put a few in his pocket to have later, and perhaps
share with Hem. He began to regain his strength.

---

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Who would care for the two children?
	A	My mother has offered to quit her job and take care of them. I believe
that would be a good solution.
	Q	Yet, you previously stated that your mother wouldn't bring up the
children in the manner in which you would like them brought up.
	A	I would still be there.
	Q	You stated that you are out of town at least one or two days a week, and
sometimes for extended periods of four, five, or six days?
	A	It is very rare instances where it is like that.
	Q	What time do you get home in the evening?
	A	I get home at about six o'clock.
	Q	What time do you leave in the morning?
	A	Around seven thirty.
	Q	What time do the children go to sleep?
	A	Nine or nine thirty.
	Q	So, that would leave you approximately two and a half hours to stay with
the children each day?
	A	Plus weekends, that's correct.
	Q	But, you stated that your mother would not be qualified, and you would
not prefer your mother to care for the children if you and Sandra were deceased?
	A	Right.
	Q	Yet, you will not be there for about 80 percent of the time?
	A	That's correct.
	Q	So, your mother would care for the children without your being around
for a vast amount of the time, and the situation would be similar to when you
went to visit the attorney last year?
	A	No, sir.
	Q	Right now, you are trying to have your children in the care of your
mother?
	A	They will have me there.
	Q	Three hours a day.
	A	Plus weekends. As a matter of fact, they don't have their mother there
at all lately. She is gone 80 percent of the time, too.
	Q	80 percent of the time?
	A	Their waking time.
	Q	The children are left alone during that period of time?
	A	With baby-sitters, with me, or by themselves.

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	The pink area.
	A	I can answer your question you asked me about fences, though. There was
a fence put up right here in the front here. I believe it was about three, four
years ago. And the reason that fence was put up in that area right here is
because the Elliot's moved scaffolding on this area over here. That was the only
area that didn't have fences on it at the time, and they wanted to close this in
so nobody would have access to that scaffolding so nobody could come in and
steal it, and that's why that fence was put up.
	Q	The three "X"s --
	A	Excuse me, I'm sorry. It's not there. It's way over here. The fence they
put up was right here.
	Q	Put an "X" and an "F".
	A	There was a fence -- I take it back. I don't believe there was a fence
all the way down here. They put scaffolding here and other materials -- I think
they bought it from a company that went broke up in Reading, a block company
that brought all of the stuff -- and they stored it in here and fenced it all in
so that nobody could get into this area to steal their scaffolding, or whenever
else they had stored out there. That's the only time I've ever seen anybody use
this piece here, other than us, since 1972.
	Q	You've indicated an area "XF", which is the west end of the easement
area. A fence was placed there, correct?
	A	Right. It was placed over the whole length.
	Q	Put a bracket there.
	MR. EUFPLT:  It would be the east side.
	THE WITNESS:  It would be the east side, which would be the west side of
Rancho.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	For clarification, because I think I misspoke, the fence was placed at
the east end of the easement, correct?
	A	That's correct.
	Q	Plus, it was placed on the east side of the lot, just south of the
easement as well. Is that correct?
	A	Correct. Continuing all of the way down to Rancho Rio liquor store,
which would be the south east corner.
	Q	Are you aware of any other fences which are around the easement area?
	A	Around this area here?
	Q	Around the easement, the pink area?
	A	No. I'm not.
	Q	Are there any fences there today?
	A	Not other than the broken down fence there. This fence is no longer
there, either.
	Q	Is there any fencing currently on any sides of the easement area, with
the exception of the south line of your property line?
	A	With the exception of this broken down fencing, there's nothing.
	Q	Are you aware of the mobile home park?
	A	Yeah. It's up here.
	Q	Is there any fencing today north of the mobile home park?
	A	I believe there's a fence on the top of the hill up there.
	Q	So the south side of the easement area does have a fence near the mobile
home park?
	A	It would be the south side of the easement. That's correct.
	Q	And does that go all of the way to the west and --
	A	I couldn't tell you that.

---

BY MS. REYES:
	Q	So, with what Mr. Wayatt said, as an example of extreme pain, what would
the pain you're feeling in your right ankle be right now?
	A	An eight.
	Q	Sitting here today?
	A	Yes.
	Q	And you're sitting here at the table knowing that, you know, you took
your medication this morning et cetera, what would your pain level be?
	A	Right now, my -- for my ankle, about an eight, eight and a half.
	Q	So after we leave here, according to what Mr. Wayatt said, are you going
to go to a doctor or an emergency room?
	A	No. Because I have -- and all it does is -- I had this conversion
before. My foot right now feels like it's on fire, okay? My back is stable right
now. So, you can call that an eight. But once my medicine wears off, it will be
at a ten. I would love to go to the ER, but I'm not going to sit there full of
pain medicine, and the next day feel like I'm a drug addict because I'm sweating
and going through the withdrawals because of the medicine. I've done it. That's
how much pain I'm in all -- all the time. I'm not going to the ER all the
time. I don't care what I have to do. I take Epsom salt and fill my tub with hot
water and have my fiance put me in there. That's how I have to do it. Every time
I'm in pain and have to go to the ER, all they do is shoot you up with pain
medicine and you sit there like a drug addict suffering because --
	Q	Take a breath. How many times in the past twelve months have you gone to
the ER and been shot up with pain medicine?
	A	One time.
	Q	How recently?
	A	March.
	Q	And before that, how -- when did you do it?
	A	I wouldn't -- I know -- I know --
	Q	So, you've only been one time?
	A	Yes. I know what the ER does.
	Q	In every instance you've only been there one time?
	A	Yeah. Yes.
	Q	Okay. Okay. So your -- revised your ankle pain from an eight or nine to
eight, and your back to an eight. Your hip, you stated earlier, was at a level
eight right now, or this morning. Would you state that it's still at a level
eight pain, or is it different?
	A	It's different. Without medication it's -- right now, it's about a
seven.
