Blanche lives on a ranch.
They are a staunch bunch.
The wrench was near the bench.
He clenched his teeth.
She and I went to lunch.
Hank and Frank are bankers.
Did the tank sink?
We found the missing link.
He went on a drinking binge.
Deranged men are dangerous.
I cringe when I think of it.

some, some of, some of the, anything, everything, nothing, something, somehow,
somewhere, sometime, anybody, identification, everybody, nobody, somebody,
anyone, everyone, no one, someone, accept, help, open, mortgage, natural,
husband, government, together, infectious, conscience, does, does he, does it,
does the, weather, whether or not, worthless, tomorrow, today, behind, forward,
toward, month

Burlap is a coarse fabric.
What was your course of action?
The patient died during surgery.
She dyed her hair.
This act has a dual purpose.
A duel is a combat.
We are open every day.
It's an everyday matter.

7.97, 6.30, 4.80, 2.47, 3.08, 2.94, 7.30, 3.22, 1.75, 7.37, 3.23, 4.53, 9.57,
5.33, 9.35, 7.31, 3.99, 2.75

---

Contributory Negligence
The burden of proof rests upon the plaintiff to prove by the preponderance of
evidence that the plaintiff was guilty of contributory negligence and if on this
question you find the evidence evenly balanced or preponderating in plaintiff's
favour, then you will find that the plaintiff was not negligent.

Definition of Proximate Cause
Proximate Cause is sometimes defined as the direct or immediate cause of the
accident. An alleged negligent act or omission is a approximate cause of an
accident or injury where such act or omission is a substantial factor causing
the accident. If a person has no reasonable ground to expect or anticipate that
a particular act would, or might, result in any injury to anybody, then of
course the act would not be negligent at all, and no liability could result by
reason of such act or omission. But, on the other hand, if the act is one that
the party ought, in the exercise of ordinary care, to have anticipated was
liable to result in injuries to others, then he is liable for any injury
proximately resulting from it, although he could not have anticipated the
particular injury that did happen. Consequences which follow in unbroken
sequence without an intervening efficient cause from the original negligent act
are natural and proximate. And for such consequences, the original wrongdoer is
responsible, even though he could not have foreseen the particular results which
did follow.

We are taught realtime theories, and how to work with wonderful CAT software, on
powerful computers with steno writers. What court reporters need to do their
jobs has transformed court reporting schools, and how court reporters work.
Perhaps the key to expanding and growing skill sets as students, court
reporters, instructors, CART providers, and captioners, is to know that our
journey is dedicated to a gateway where we preserve the instant spoken word. How
you interact with the gateway, with your expectations, may be a matter of simply
refocusing your focus. Many court reporters are nearing retirement, and this
will open new markets for individuals who are intent on the opportunities. It is
an opportunity for every court reporter to expand on current strengths.

Who Moved My Cheese
His old thinking had been clouded by his worries and fears. He used to think
about not having enough cheese or not having it last as long as he wanted. He
used to think more about what could go wrong than what could go right. But, that
had changed in the days since he had left Cheese Station C. He used to believe
that cheese should never be moved, and that change wasn't right. Now, he
realised it was natural for change to continually occur, whether you expect it
or not. Change could surprise you only if you didn't expect it, and weren't
looking for it. When he realised he had changed his beliefs, he paused to write
on the wall. Old beliefs do not lead you to new cheese. Haw had not found any
new cheese yet, but as he ran through the maze, he thought about what he had
already learned.

The Authority of an Agent
The powers of agents are limited. Generally speaking, when an agent is appointed
for a particular purpose, and is authorised to perform certain acts, the
liability of the principal for such acts depends first upon the power actually
conferred, second the power reasonably necessary for the execution of those
powers which are actually conferred, third the powers annexed by custom or
usage, that is such powers as the agent was accustomed to exercise for the
company, and permitted to exercise for it, and fourth, the powers, in addition,
thereto, which the principal, by his words or conduct, would lead third persons
to believe that the agent possesses. The agent has implied authority to do
whatever is reasonably necessary to carry out his express authority. It arises
out of the authority expressly conferred. A principal is presumed to have
conferred all auxiliary authority reasonably necessary to make the express
authority effective.

As you discover the specifics in your private and professional world, you will
then be able to make choices to propel you to organise your fears. Perhaps we
are struggling too hard. Perhaps we want to know more about our fears. I believe
that organising fears is a powerful step to moving toward your distinctive
goals, whether it is being able to read accurate notes in school, to transcribe
a test, whether it is to train yourself for a better working position or to
follow your heart's desire with a new path that you create. Fear can be a
motivator. Setbacks can be a motivator, too. We know this because each day we
are required to earn a 95 percent accuracy while in school. We know this with
the required accuracy on each job.

Who Moved My Cheese
Haw hadn't found any cheese yet, but as he ran through the maze, he thought
about what he had already learned. Haw now realised that his new beliefs were
encouraging new behaviours. He was behaving differently than when he kept
returning to the same cheeseless station. He knew when you change what you
believe, you change what you do. You can believe that a change will harm you and
resist it. Or, you can believe that finding new cheese will help you to embrace
the change. It all depends on what you choose to believe.

---

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Did you have to travel frequently in your job?
	A	Well, I would like for you to define what you mean, and then I will
answer the question.
	Q	How often do you leave home in a period of a month?
	A	I would say I would be gone once a week.
	Q	You would leave home once a week?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Do you mean one day a week? Would you go for any period of time
extending beyond one day?
	A	I have not taken all my trips and averaged them out. If I had to do
that, they would average out to one trip a week, which would encompass leaving
in the morning of one day, staying overnight, and returning home the next
afternoon.
	Q	Have you ever made trips that extended for a period of four to five
days?
	A	Yes. I have.
	Q	How often has this happened, where you would be gone for a period of
four to five days?
	A	In my present employment, it has happened twice. In my previous
employment, I really can't remember, but I would say it probably happened at
least six times.
	Q	Is that aside from your one day or two days a week?
	A	No. These would be similar type trips, but it required my staying for
longer periods.
	Q	How long a period did you stay in those instances?
	A	You mean in my previous employment?
	Q	Or in your present employment.
	A	I have already told you.
	Q	How long were those stays?
	A	An average stay would be leaving the morning of one day, and staying
overnight.
	Q	You mentioned there were two of them that you stayed for a longer period
of time.
	A	Oh, yes. One trip earlier in the year. In June, I left on Wednesday and
returned Tuesday afternoon. This was a planned trip where my wife joined me in
Seattle. The other time was the week of August 16, and I was gone Tuesday
through Friday. Those are the two times.

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Let me finish?
	A	Sorry.
	Q	Does that fence go all of the way to the end of the mobile home park?
	A	I couldn't tell you that.
	Q	You haven't been down there?
	A	Not recently. No.
	Q	Do you have a recollection of seeing that fence on any of your trips
down the easement?
	A	No.
	Q	Is there any fencing today on the west end of the easement?
	A	I couldn't tell you that either.
	Q	Is there any fence to the north and to the west of your property on the
easement?
	A	Yes. There is.
	Q	And do you know when that fence was placed there?
	A	A year and a half ago. Right when the railroad came in here and built
this whole area up.
	Q	At any time, were you ever aware, or did you ever see any railroad
tracks on the easement area?
	A	Never.
	Q	And -- and when you say you don't have a recollection of anyone ever
using that easement, is that from your own person observation?
	A	Nobody has ever used it except us since 1972. I've been there since
1972, and nobody has ever done anything to it, or used it, done any
improvements, or done anything to it. One more thing -- except some dirt that
was dumped on it about two or three years ago.
	Q	And are you there seven days a week?
	A	No. I'm not. Five, six days.
	Q	And that's as a result of your working in your business there?
	A	That's correct.
	Q	I'm going to take a quick break.
	A	I can tell you one other thing. I used to live across the street for a
couple of years, so I watched the property on a daily basis.
	Q	When did you live there?
	A	It was back in '76. 1976.
	Q	How long did you live there?
	A	About a year and a half. Two years.
	Q	Okay. Let's take a quick break.
	Q	Back on the record. You indicated that you purchased the property from
your parents back in 19 --
	A	1980.
	Q	Did you obtain a deed from your parents?
	A	Yes. We did.
	Q	And did you record the deed?
	A	No. It's not.
	Q	Is it still unrecorded today?
	A	Yes. It is.
	Q	The deed was from both your parents to you?
	A	That's correct. It's -- to the corporation, excuse me.
	Q	Would you be willing to produce a copy of the deed?
	A	Sure.
	Q	Could we just do it informally? Could you just send me a copy?

---

BY MS. REYES:
	Q	And how long -- how many sessions did you have with Dr. Keen?
	A	I don't recall how many.
	Q	Okay. And -- at least a year?
	A	Yeah.
	Q	And do you know your diagnosis with Dr. Keen?
	A	I would say "no".
	Q	What are your complaints --
	A	Currently?
	Q	Yes.
	A	Depression, anxiety.
	Q	Anything else?
	A	No.
	Q	Okay. Were the sessions helpful?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Do you -- when did you first start having the symptoms of depression and
anxiety?
	A	When my doctor told me I wasn't going back to work, and my pain level
was terrible.
	Q	Tell me when that was. That your doctor told you that you weren't going
back to work?
	A	February, I want to say, of 2012.
	MR. ANDREWS:  Okay. Can I ask some follow up questions?
	MS. REYES:  Sure.
BY MR. ANDREWS:
	Q	Was it your intent prior to your date of injury to be a career officer?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Was it your intent to rise through the ranks and make it your life
career?
	A	Yes.
	Q	When you were told that you weren't going back to work, was it your
interpretation that your career as an officer was over?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Is that when your depression and anxiety and fear of the future started?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Your witness.
BY MS. REYES:
	Q	Would you like a minute? Do you need a break?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Let's go off the record.
	Q	We're back on the record. Okay, Ms. White, what time do you leave your
bedroom in the morning with the intent for getting up for the day?
	A	Probably 9, 10.
	Q	During that period of time that you intend to sleep, how many hours do
you ever sleep on the average without first having to get up and then attempt to
fall back to sleep again? What's your longest stretch that you can go of
straight sleep?
	A	Two hours.
	Q	So, when you wake up in two hours, what do you do?
	A	I either got to take my medication or I have to take a bath because I'm
in so much pain or --
	Q	What is it that wakes you up?
	A	The terrible pain wakes me up every time.
	Q	When you're asked to rate your pain, from zero -- not one or two, zero,
no pain, to ten, the most horrible pain known to mankind, examples are a heart
attack, a kidney stone, these are true tens.
	A	Okay.
	Q	If you claim your pain level is above an eight, eight and a half, nine,
ten, you'd better be in an emergency room or an urgent care. That's the kind of
pain worthy of an eight and a half to a ten.
