Swimming, surfing, snorkeling, and sailing are water sports.
Chess, backgammon, and checkers, are board games of chance and skill.
Fencing, karate, boxing, and wrestling, are combative sports.
Basketball, baseball, volleyball, and football, are all team sports.
Tennis, golf, and racquetball, require partners.
Jogging, riding, skating, and skiing do not require partners.
Reading and stamp collecting are non-physical hobbies.
Drawing, painting, and sculpting, are more artistic hobbies.
Cards, sewing, and knitting, are other popular pastimes.

2PHA7074HRT924798FBC2698RHG4Z3342SRKL978RC9KGBC5687HGFR54FRT564

memoranda, memorandum, meme, became, approximate, proximate, almost, again,
against, good, good morning, good many, even, evening, neglect, suggest,
regular, ago, willing, unwilling, being, begin, began, begun, having, go, to go,
have gone, have you gone, have you ever gone, they have gone, gentleman,
gentlemen, injure, injury, jury, juror, damage, knowledge, acknowledge,
remember, member, number, agent, agency, emergency, imagine

---

Who Moved My Cheese?
Haw just shook his head in disbelief. He, too, had counted on finding cheese at
Cheese Station C. He stood there for a long time, frozen in shock. He was just
not ready for this. Hem was yelling something, but Haw didn't want to hear it.
He didn't want to deal with what was facing him, so he just turned and tuned
everything out. The little people's behaviour was not very attractive or
productive, but it was understandable. Finding cheese wasn't easy, and it meant
a great deal more to the little people than just having enough of it to eat
every day. Finding cheese was the little people's way of getting what they
thought they needed to be happy. They had their own ideas of what cheese meant
to them, depending on their taste. For some, finding cheese was having material
things. For others, it was enjoying good health, or developing a spiritual sense
of well being. For Haw, cheese just meant feeling safe, having a loving family
some day, and living in a cozy cottage on Cheddar Lane. To him, cheese was
becoming a big cheese in charge of others, and owning a big house, atop
Camembert Hill.

Bart Bell
Intent to cause the child to be secretly confined must be found as a fact before
you can find the defendant guilty of being a party to this action. You cannot
look into his mind to see his intent, but as I mentioned before, you may
determine it from all the facts in evidence concerning this crime. You may
consider his conduct or any statements he made to the police, which may help
define his state of mind. If you are satisfied that the prosecution has met it's
burden of proof, you should find the defendant guilty of being a party to the
crime of kidnapping. If you are not truly satisfied, you must find the defendant
not guilty. If you find Bart Bell guilty, you must answer one more question: did
Bart Bell commit this offense with the intent of demanding that the child's
parents pay money in order to obtain the return of the child? Before you may
answer this question "yes", the state must show you beyond a reasonable doubt
that Bart Bell committed this offense with the intent to collect a ransom. This
intent must be proven. If it is proven from his acts and his words, bearing on
his intent.

Who Moved My Cheese?
Because cheese was important to them, the two little people spent a long time
trying to decide what to do. All they could think of was to keep looking around
Cheese Station C to see if the cheese was really gone. While Sniff and Scurry
had quickly moved on, Hem and Haw continued to hem and haw. They ranted and
raved at the injustice of it all. Haw started to get depressed. What would
happen if the cheese wasn't there tomorrow? He had made future plans based on
this cheese. The little people couldn't believe it. How could this have
happened? No one had warned them. It wasn't right. It was not the way things
were supposed to be. Hem and Haw went home that night, hungry and discouraged.
But, before they left, Haw wrote on the wall. The more important your cheese is
to you, the more you want to hold on to it. The next day, Hem and Haw left their
homes and returned to Cheese Station C again, where they still expected to
somehow find their cheese.

Negligence is the doing of something which a reasonably prudent person would not
do. It can mean the failure to do something which a reasonably prudent person
would do. You must examine the circumstances, and determine whether these
circumstances were similar to those shown by the evidence. You must determine
whether this applies to the defendant. You must determine whether the defendant
acted in a way that was negligent, or whether the defendant acted in a way that
only was a part of the negligence that was involved. Liability may be on both
sides. For this reason, the liability of both parties must be considered. You
must consider the liability of the plaintiff as well. You must consider whether
the plaintiff acted in any way that would show that he also did a part in
causing the accident to happen. You must determine whether the defendant
exercised due care. You must consider the question of due care. Due care is the
reasonable amount of care that a person would exercise under a given set of
circumstances.

---

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	At the end of the deposition proceeding, the court reporter will prepare
what is known as a deposition transcript. It will be an eight and a half by
eleven sized booklet, and it will read question, answer, question, answer. You
will have an opportunity to review your responses and make any changes which you
feel are necessary or important. I do want to caution you, though, that any
changes which you make which are substantive in value, and by that I mean
changing a "yes" to a "no", or a "no" to a "yes" on something that can be
considered important, those types of changes can be commented on, either by
myself, or any other attorney, at a subsequent proceeding or hearing. And I
bring this to your attention because my ability to comment on those types of
changes could prove to be embarrassing to you, and could, in fact, impact on
your credibility later on. My whole purpose for bringing this up, is just to
remind you to give us your best deposition testimony today. Do you understand?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Good. I'm going to be asking you questions today, which will ask you to
recall times, places, dates, people. I don't expect that you have total, or
perfect, recall, because no one does, but I am entitled to your best responses,
or whatever information you do have. As an example of that might be if I asked
you when something occurred, and you don't recall the exact date on which the
event occurred, but you do recall that it occurred in 2008, as an example, that
is a perfectly acceptable answer. Do you understand?
	A	Yes.

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Is there any reason why you believe your deposition cannot be taken
today?
	A	No.
	Q	Do you understand that when we're all finished, the reporter, who is to
your left, and my right, will place the deposition in written form, and you'll
have a chance to review that. Do you understand?
	A	Uh-huh.
	Q	And do you understand that you'll have the opportunity to make changes
in that deposition, if you so desire?
	A	Yes.
	Q	And you understand that if you do make changes, either myself, or any
other attorney at time of trial, will have the opportunity to comment on those
changes, and why they were made. Do you understand that?
	A	Yes. I do.
	Q	It is important that we don't talk over each other. I'll do my best to
wait for you to finish your answer, and if you wait for me to finish my
question, we won't get the reporter mad at us today. The other admonition is to
make sure you answer audibly "yes" or "no" or whatever, not nods of the head.
The transcript doesn't adequately reflect the answer if you do that. Okay?
	A	Okay.
	Q	What is your age?
	A	39.
	Q	And what is your current address? Residence address?
	A	2705 Ackrin, Buena Park, California 92407.
	Q	What is the highest education grade you completed?
	A	Twelfth.
	Q	And where did you go to school?
	A	Orange High School.
	Q	When did you graduate?
	A	1974.
	Q	What is your current employment?
	A	Miller Rebar Incorporated.
	Q	That is a corporation?
	A	That is correct.
	Q	Are you the owner of any shares in that corporation?
	A	Yes. I am.
	Q	And how much do you own?
	A	50 percent.
	Q	And who owns the other 50?
	A	Russell Miller.
	Q	He is your brother?
	A	That's correct.
	Q	How long have you owned your interest in Miller Rebar?
	A	Since 1977.
	Q	Same with your brother?
	A	That's correct.
	Q	From whom did you acquire your shares?
	A	We formed the corporation ourselves.
	Q	Was there a business known as Miller Rebar prior to the formation of the
corporation?
	A	No. There wasn't.
	Q	What is the address of Miller Rebar? The business address?
	A	130 North Rancho, Buena Park, California, 91410.
	Q	Prior to your formation of the corporation, was there any business
operated on those premises?
	A	Yes. There was.
	Q	And what type of business was that?
	A	Reinforcing steel. Construction.

---

BY MS. RIELA:
	Q	All right. So with regard to your earlier dates of where you lived, or
the time frames of where you lived, I am going to amend those with the new
information.
	MR. SCHAEFFER:  It doesn't change anything. It's just background.
	MS. RIELA:  Do you need a break?
	THE WITNESS:  Yeah. I just need to stand up for a minute.
	MS. RIELA:  Okay. Do you need for us to stop for five -- ten minutes?
	THE WITNESS:  No.
	MS. RIELA:  Okay. Okay.
BY MS. RIELA:
	Q	So, you were in Santa Rosa Junior College. You started general ed. You
were there for a year. Then you moved back down to Southern California, and you
continued your education. Is that correct?
	A	Correct.
	Q	And where did you continue your education?
	A	At Palomar College.
	Q	And what did you study at Palomar?
	A	Fire science.
	Q	Okay. And this is approximately in 2007?
	A	Correct.
	Q	Okay. And did you -- I think you may have answered this -- you got your
AA in fire science. Was that from Palomar?
	A	Correct.
	Q	And I think you told me earlier you got that AA in 2010?
	A	Correct.
	Q	Is that still correct?
	A	Correct.
	Q	Okay. So, you were working -- you started working with CAL FIRE in 2003,
after your incarceration?
	A	Correct.
	THE COURT:  And you finally got your AA in fire science in 2010?
	THE WITNESS:  Correct.
BY MS. RIELA:
	Q	And you -- the last time you worked was February 2011. Is that still
correct?
	A	Correct.
	Q	Okay. All right. When you applied for the job as -- in CAL FIRE did you
apply for a firefighter position?
	A	Correct.
	Q	And were you hired in a firefighter position in 2003?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Was that also a firefighter one position?
	A	Correct.
	Q	So, from 2003 when you started, until February of 2011, you were a
firefighter one position. Is that correct?
	A	No. 2006 is when I was firefighter one.
	Q	Okay.
	A	Before that, I was just a crew member, which it's just a regular
firefighter.
	Q	Okay. So was this a promotion in 2006?
	A	No. It was an actual professional firefighter. 2003, when I was moved
into being incarcerated, they put me -- they send you to school if you qualify.
You have to qualify. And -- so, I got the basics of fire fighting. I got the --
instead of having 67 hour academy, I had -- I think it was like 40 hour academy
that they put you through. Then you do that during your incarceration.
