spur, swell, swap, shut, shed, shot, shell, shag, hard, hurt, held, weld, welt,
wept, word, pelt, kept, curb, curd, curl, soft, tuft, shaft, start, craft,
theft, crept, sharp, short, throb, card, cub

chop up, held up, kept up, pop up, prop up, sat up, scrub up, shut up, start up,
stop war, start or stop, stop us, stop her, shortstop, short chat, soft hat,
soft skull, soft spot, soft tug, soft shell, hard shell, hard sell, hard hat,
hard spot, hard tug, hard or soft, red hat, red rug, red shed, red scar, red
cart, red car, hot car, hot shot, hot stuff, hot tar, hot spell, wet spell, wet
rag, sharp rod

January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August, September, October,
November, December, minute, general, opinion, machine, yesterday, effect,
affect, discuss, worst, sufficient, sufficiency, other, another, without, into,
only, from, individual, enough, answer, cigarette, secretary, secretarial,
doctor, Dr., Doctor, immediate, recommend, recommendation, Mr., Mrs., Ms., Miss,
around, ever, every, before, because, there, their, always, also, almost,
already, alright, mother, father, brother, rather, gather, either, neither,
sister, bother

Frida was frustrated.
The fresh fruit was frozen.
The franchise sold fragrances.
Fran fretted about the loss.
Tom loaded the fragile freight on the front of the freighter.
On Friday, you are free.
The frisky frog was not frail.
Please tell Mark to park the car and walk to work.
The arc is made of cork.
Did the berserk man lurk in the bushes?
The barge was large.
Did he forge through the gorge?
The dirge was played by George.
Her handshake was warm and firm.
The worm was found in the berm on the farm.
What is the form for the term paper?
The germ will cause harm to your arm.
The alarm sounded after the storm.
Did Gay perform with charm and grace for the firm?

I was, they were, we are, you were, she is, he was, they are, you are, we were,
what were, how were, when was, there is, what was, why is, which was, who was,
that is, he is, she was, who is, which were, why was, there are, when were, it
is, this is, what is, who were, that was, which is, what are, there were, this
was, when is, who are, how was, that were, when are, it was, why were, that is

---

prima facie, stare decisis, sui generis, incommunicado

Prima facie means "at first view" or "at first glance". Prima facie evidence is
sufficient to prove a fact or establish a fact, unless evidence to the contrary
is presented. Stare decisis is the decision of the court to let a precedent
stand as a guideline. When a previous decision controls the decision in similar
cases, stare decisis is the term applied. Sui generis means "of its own kind",
or "in a class by itself". To be sui generis is to be unique. Incommunicado
means "isolate", or "cut off". When a prisoner is held incommunicado, all
communication with others is terminated.

One of the major reasons so many of us remain hurried, frightened, and
competitive, and continue to live life as if it were one giant emergency is our
fear that if we were to become more peaceful and loving, we would suddenly stop
achieving our goals. We would become lazy and apathetic. You can put this fear
to rest by realising that the opposite is actually true. Fearful, frantic
thinking takes an enormous amount of energy, and drains the creativity and
motivation from our lives. When you are fearful and frantic, you literally
immobilise yourself from your greatest potential, not to mention enjoyment. Any
success that you do have is despite your fear, not because of it. I have had the
good fortune to surround myself with some very relaxed, peaceful, and loving
people. Some of these people are best selling authors, loving parents,
counselors, computer experts, and chief executive officers. All of them are
fulfilled in what they do, and are very proficient at their given skills. I have
learned the important lesson: when you have what you want, inner peace, you are
less distracted by your wants, needs, desires, and concerns. It's thus easier to
concentrate, focus, achieve your goals, and to give back to others.

defendant, responsible, transportation, burden of proof, ladies and gentlemen of
the jury

Ladies and Gentlemen of the Jury, a common carrier is one who undertakes for
hire to transport from place to place the goods or persons of those who choose
to employ him. The defendant, in taking and transporting the machine here in
question, was a common carrier for hire. Generally, a common carrier of goods
ensures the safe transportation of goods committed to him for that purpose, and
he is responsible for all damages to the same while in transit. There are,
however, certain exceptions to this rule. One of these exceptions if, or is, if
the loss or damage arose solely from the fault of the shipper himself. That is,
if the goods, or freight transported, is improperly packed, or improperly loaded
by the shipper, and this fact is not apparent, or known, to the carrier, and the
carrier is not at fault himself in causing the damage. Then, the carrier is not
liable for the loss or damage resulting for such improper loading by the
shipper. It cannot be said, however, that the carrier must have known that the
machine was not, in fact, safely loaded. The shipper usually knows better than
the carrier, the manner in which the goods have been packed or loaded, and the
manner in which they should be packed or loaded. And even though the carrier may
have knowledge of some defect in the packing or loading, still, if it is not
apparent to the ordinary observation of the carrier that the goods cannot be
safely carried in the condition in which they are presented. The carrier should
not be held to take the chances of damage or injury from such improper packing
or loading. The burden of proof rests upon the defendant to prove, by the
preponderance of the evidence, that the loss or damage arose solely from the
improper loading of the defendant.

Mr. Gable, Mr. President, I think the senator from Iowa, I wholeheartedly agree
on his last point. Out of the greatest losses to the United States is that women
have not been active enough in our economy. Business Week magazine recently
conducted a study. Out of a total of 5000 top paid individuals in big business
in this country were women. Of those 22 women, 15 were in positions of
responsibility because they were the wife or daughter of the chairman of the
board. Doesn't it appear that women have never been given a chance? Until just
recently, some of the best eastern schools were classified as men-only colleges.
This is ridiculous. Were they implying that women are less intelligent than
their male counterparts? We should not only encourage women to seek an equal
chance; we should enable them to get an equal chance. Women are beginning to get
into the top law schools, and the top medical schools, but it is a slow process.
We, as members of Congress, should certainly do our best to discourage exclusive
memberships in clubs for men only. If women are excluded, this is a form of
social and economic discrimination. The problem we are faced with is evaluating
the position of Paul Lane Taylor, who has adapted a posture of defense for the
right to all-male social clubs which exclude women. I wonder if Mr. Taylor
understands the discrimination that is involved in this issue. A social club is
organised to conduct business, social, and community activities. If women are
excluded, Mr. Taylor is inferring that they have no business conducting these
activities in conjunction with their male counterparts. I do not agree with Mr.
Taylor's point of view, and I would like him to present to this committee, in
writing, a justification of his position.

No matter where her amazing career takes her, actress and singer Jennifer Hudson
will never forget where she same from.

Earlier this year, I was in a church to film a movie. A historic church in
Harlem, with magnificent stained glass windows, and rows and rows of pews, with
choir stalls and stacks of bibles. Even though my own church was halfway across
the country, I felt right at home. Church was at the center of my life growing
up. My family went to a Baptist church on the south side of Chicago, and I think
we spent more time there than at our own house. Monday nights we had bible
study. Tuesday nights were rehearsals for the adult choir. Wednesday nights the
youth choir rehearsed. I sang in both choirs. Saturdays my mother folded and
stapled bulletins. Sundays we were at both morning and evening services. We were
always there, and more important, our church family was always there with us,
helping us stay close to God in good times and bad. The movie was called Black
Nativity, based on the Langston Hughes play. I had the part of a single mother
about to be evicted from Baltimore home. She's beaten down by worries,
especially about her teenage son. She's had a falling out with her parents, and
hasn't been back to New York City, where her dad is a preacher, in years. Still,
she sends her son up there to live with them, to be in a safe place away from
her problems. That's why we were here filming. I know what it's like to pray for
my child. My son David Junior, named for his father, has been incredibly blessed
in his four years, but I think any mother, no matter how old her kids are,
understands what it's like to have hopes and dreams and prayers for them.

---

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Will you state your full name, please?
	A	Carl A. Bonner.
	THE COURT:  How do you spell your last name?
	THE WITNESS:  B-O-N-N-E-R.
	THE COURT:  Continue, counsel.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Are you employed, Mr. Bonner?
	A	Yes, I am.
	Q	Where do you work?
	A	I work for Owen's Printing Company.
	Q	In what capacity?
	A	I am the office manager.
	MR. EUFPLT:  How long have you been with them?
	THE WITNESS:  This is a new job. I just started two weeks ago.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Do you know the defendant, Ryan Sullivan?
	A	Yes. I do.
	Q	How long have you known him?
	A	I would say three or four years.
	Q	Do you own a gun, Mr. Bonner?
	A	No. I don't.
	Q	Did you own a gun at one time?
	A	Yes. I did.
	Q	What type of gun was it?
	A	It was a .357 Magnum.
	MR. EUFPLT:  Is that an automatic revolver?
	THE WITNESS:  Yes. It is.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Do you know where that weapon was on February 24, 2008?
	A	Yes. I do.
	Q	Where was it?
	A	As far as I know, it was in the possession of Ryan Sullivan.
	Q	Did you see him on the 21st day of December, 2007?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Where did you see him?
	A	At his home.
	MR. EUFPLT:  How do you happen to remember the 21st day of December after
all this time.
	THE WITNESS:  This goes back to the day when I was originally contacted by
Mr. Otis.
	MR. STPHAO:  Who?
	THE WITNESS:  Paul Otis. He was working with Ryan as an attorney, and he had
called me and asked me about the date, the date I did not remember. What I did
recall was that it was the Wednesday before Christmas, and there were
circumstances that made me remember the day.
	THE COURT:  What circumstances made you remember the day?
	THE WITNESS:  Well, I was late in picking up my girlfriend, and she broke up
with me as a result. She had to wait for an hour after work because I was late,
and I had her car at the time. This is the reason I can remember this particular
day.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Okay. This was the Wednesday before Christmas. Is that correct?
	A	That is correct.
	Q	Where was it that you saw the defendant on that day?
	A	At his home.
	Q	Do you recall what time you arrived at his home?
	A	I would estimate about 7:30.
	Q	Who was there at the time?
	A	Ryan and Gina.
	MR. EUFPLT:  Who is Gina?
	THE WITNESS:  Gina is Ryan's girlfriend.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	By the way, have you ever been convicted of a crime?
	A	Nothing but a traffic violation.
	THE COURT:  So, we can say you haven't been convicted of a crime. Is that
right?
	THE WITNESS:  That's right.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	How long did you remain at Ryan's house?
	A	I was there until approximately 1 o'clock.
	Q	What time were you supposed to pick up your girlfriend?
	A	1 o'clock.
	Q	And you didn't make it because you were still at Ryan's house?
	A	That's right.
	Q	Did you leave his house for any period of time?
	A	No. I did not.
	MR. EUFPLT:  Did Ryan leave for any period of time?
	THE WITNESS:  Not that I remember.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	It is possible he could have been gone for a very short period?
	A	Yes. Sometimes he would go out for coke, or go get something to eat.
But, I would recall if he had been gone for an extended period.
	Q	When you say "coke", you mean drugs, or soda?
	A	No, soda.
	Q	Okay. So he would be gone for half an hour?
	A	Not even that.
	Q	Are you sure he wasn't gone for an extended period, such as an hour?
	A	I'm sure, yes.

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Do you remember the day your brother got bit?
	A	Yeah.
	Q	Okay. What time did that happen?
	A	I don't know.
	Q	Do you remember the date -- what day of the week it was, or --
	A	July 1st.
	Q	How do you know it was July 1st?
	A	Because the day after that was July 2nd.
	Q	How do you know the day after that was July 2nd?
	A	I looked at the calendar.
	THE COURT:  Was there anything special about that day, July 1st?
	THE WITNESS:  No.
	THE COURT:  Did you go to baseball practice with your brother that day?
	THE WITNESS:  No. I didn't. I didn't go. I wasn't on the team -- that team.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	What was your brother wearing at the time he got bit?
	A	His baseball uniform.
	Q	Describe the uniform for me.
	A	It is white, and it has his name on the back.
	THE COURT:  What name did it have on the back?
	THE WITNESS:  Daniel Neil.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	So, this was a white T-shirt?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Was he wearing pants or jeans or --
	A	He was wearing his jeans.
	Q	Did he give you those jeans after he outgrew them?
	A	I don't know.
	Q	Do you know what happened to those jeans?
	A	No.
	Q	Did you see the dog bite your brother?
	A	No.
	Q	Where were you when your brother was bit?
	A	I was in the house.
	Q	Did you shut the door when you went into the house?
	A	Yeah.
	Q	So you shut the door behind you when you went into the house?
	A	Yes.
	Q	What room were you in in the house when your brother was bit?
	A	I was in the family room or in the kitchen.
	MR. STPHAO:  How did you go in to the house?
	THE WITNESS:  Through the garage.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Is there a regular sized door to let you go from the garage into the
house?
	A	Uh-huh. Yeah.
	Q	Then, at the front of the garage, was there the great big garage door
where you drive the cars?
	A	Uh-huh.
	THE COURT:  Is that "yes"?
	THE WITNESS:  Yes.
	THE COURT:  I need you to say "yes" or "no". Not "uh-huh" or "huh-uh", okay?
	THE WITNESS:  Okay.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Why did you go into the house?
	A	I wanted to get away from the dogs.

---

BY MR. FLOWERS:
	Q	Okay. As I said, it's nice to meet you. My name is Jim Flowers. I
represent, in this case, the family of a gentleman who was killed in the
accident that, my information is, you had some information from investigating as
an officer, and that's what brings you here today. I thank you for coming here
today. The deposition process, as you have already learned from your past
experience is where lawyers have an opportunity to -- to meet and ask questions
of witnesses, to get information that they may or may not know about an accident
that happened. My information is that the accident happened on September the
10th back in 2015. Is that your understanding as well?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Okay. And I asked you before we went on the record if you had a chance
to review your report and the photographs, and I think you said that you had?
	A	Yes.
	Q	You stopped by the station and you have a copy of both the report and
the photographs?
	A	Correct.
	Q	All right. One thing that I like to stress with people about depositions
is, it's not going to be anything that's going to be tricky. No lawyer is going
to ask you questions -- they shouldn't ask you questions that are tricky. If
there's anything at all that you find about any question that I ask of you today
that you don't understand, my -- the context of the question, any word in the
question, anything at all about the question you don't get, I want you to feel
free and let me know you don't understand. Will you do that for me?
	A	Yes.
	MR. FIDLER:  The other side of the coin would be if you answered a question
that is asked of you today, everyone involved in the case is going to assume
that you listened to it, understood it, and then answered it as best you could
today. Is that fair?
	THE WITNESS:  Yes.
BY MR. FLOWERS:
	Q	You know that you're under oath to give the best testimony -- the most
honest testimony -- that you can give today, and I trust that you will. Correct?
	A	Yes.
	Q	And this -- even though we're in my conference room, this has the same
force and effect as though we were sitting in court, and that is, even though
it's a deposition, it is formal, and that is, everything we are saying today is
being taken down by the court reporter.
