The car was in my possession.
Did you have legal representation?
Who made the identification?
We request a continuation.
I heard his confession.
What is your situation?
This is pure speculation.
Where is the registration?

9 6 2 8 0 91 56 72 94 22 62 9,091 8,856 7,294 2,298 420 762 1,577 6,145 4,688
190 568 472 22 2,024 237 79 48 68 9,190 5,688 9,472 9,822 2,024 2,337 1,279
6,348 8,684

why, your, yesterday, yes, yes, sir, no, no, sir, become, secretary, second,
particular, office, you can, he can, perfect, perhaps, enclose, include,
envelope, sufficient, ever, if you ever, did you ever, will you ever, can you
ever, have you ever, would you ever, every, refer, however, whatever, wherever,
whichever, whenever, confer, different, difference, prefer, photographer, Mr.,
Mrs., Ms., Miss, manufacture, manufacturer, America, American, merchandised,
money, my, maybe, may be, may have, may have been, may have the, may have had,
a.m., p.m., am, many, too many, how many, so many, very many, testify,
testimony, recommend, people, woman, women

---

negligence, reasonably, circumstances, exercised, proximate cause,
preponderance, preponderance of the evidence

Negligence is the doing of something which a reasonably prudent person would not
do, or the failure to do something which a reasonably prudent person would do
under circumstances similar to those shown by the evidence. You must consider
the circumstances. You must consider the proximate cause. You must determine
whether the defendant exercised due care under the circumstances, similar to
those in this case. The circumstances that you must consider are similar
circumstances. Ordinary or reasonable care is that care that persons of ordinary
prudence would use in order to avoid injury to themselves or others under
circumstances similar to those shown by the evidence.

Who Moved My Cheese?
The situation hadn't changed. The cheese was no longer there. The little people
didn't know what to do. Hem and Haw just stood there, immobilised, like two
statues. Haw shut his eyes as tight as he could, and put his hands over his
ears. He just wanted to block everything out. He didn't want to know the cheese
supply had gradually been getting smaller. He believed it had been moved all of
a sudden. Hem analysed the situation over and over, and soon his complicated
brain, with its huge belief system, took hold. "Why did they do this to me?", he
demanded. "What's really going on here?". Finally, Haw opened his eyes, looked
around, and said "by the way, where are Sniff and Scurry? Do you think they know
something we don't?". Hem said "what would they know?". Hem continued, "they're
just simple mice. They just respond to what happens. We're little people. We're
special. We should be able to figure this out, and besides, we deserve better.
This should not happen to us, or if it does, we should at least get some
benefits". "Why should we get benefits?", Haw asked. "Because we're entitled",
Hem said. "Entitled to what?", Haw wanted to know. "We're entitled to our
cheese". "Why?", Haw asked. "Because we didn't cause this problem", Hem said,
"somebody else did this, and we should get something out of it". Haw suggested
"maybe we should stop analysing the situation so much, and just get going and
find some new cheese". "Oh no", Hem said, "I'm going to get to the bottom of
this". While Hem and Haw were still trying to decide what to do, Sniff and
Scurry were already well on their way. They went further into the maze, up and
down halls, looking for cheese in every cheese station they could find. They
didn't think of anything else but finding new cheese.

district attorney, burden of proof, reasonable doubt, knowingly and willingly

It is the duty of the district attorney to prove her case. The burden of proof
is on the people to prove that the defendant is guilty beyond a reasonable
doubt. You have been presented with evidence by the district attorney. The
district attorney must prove that the defendants knowingly and willingly
committed the crime. It is now your duty to determine the effect and value of
the evidence, and to decide all questions of fact. What I mean by that is that
you have the duty to determine whether the evidence is such that it proves
the case beyond all reasonable doubt. It is the responsibility of the district
attorney to show that the defendant knowingly and willingly committed the crime.
It is the responsibility of the district attorney to prove this beyond a
reasonable doubt. You must not look to the defendant's counsel to see whether he
proved that the defendant is not guilty. Rather, you must look to see if the
district attorney was able to prove the case that he set forth in his opening
statement. Keep in mind that the statements of counsel are not evidence, unless
counsel have stipulated to a fact that is an important consideration. After the
bailiff leads you into a room in which you will make your decision, you may not
leave that room without the bailiff. If you have any questions to ask of me, the
bailiff will give them to me in my chambers. You must not look to any sources
for evidence. You must not speculate as to the guilt of the party. You may not
speculate as to the answers to questions which objections were sustained, or as
to the reasons for the objections. You may not consider any evidence that
was stricken.

If you are satisfied beyond a reasonable doubt that the defendant did this crime
with the intent to cause another person to pay money in order to obtain the
release of the child, you should answer this question "yes". If you are not so
sure, you must answer this question "no". As far as the witnesses are concerned,
the general rule is that a person may testify only to facts that he or she
knows. However, a person who has knowledge or education in a certain field may
be allowed to give an opinion as an expert in that field. In deciding how much
weight you will give to this opinion, you should decide if this person has the
knowledge, and if the opinion is based on facts established, or facts agreed. I
have allowed such evidence in this case to aid you in reaching a conclusion if
it does aid you. You must remember, however, that you are not bound by the
opinions of the expert.

---

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Good morning, Ms. Crawford.
	A	Good morning.
	Q	My name is Joy Striker, and I'm one of the attorneys that represents
Midcentury Insurance and Hare Headquarters with respect to your workers
compensation claim. We are here to take your deposition regarding that claim.
Have you had an opportunity to speak with your attorney regarding this
deposition process, and what you can expect?
	A	Yes.
	Q	About how long did that take?
	A	Oh, 15 minutes.
	Q	Before we go any further, would you please state your full name for the
record, and spell your last name?
	A	Susan K. Crawford.
	Q	And how do you spell your last name?
	A	C-R-A-W-F-O-R-D.
	Q	Thank you very much. I'm going to go over some of the basic ground rules
right now. It's probably something that you just heard from your attorney, but I
need to make certain that you and I have the same understanding as to what's
going to happen here today. So, if I am repeating something, I apologise. The
first thing is, a deposition is an oral proceeding. Everything that is happening
here today is being taken down by the court reporter, and therefore, it's
important that you respond to my questions using words: "yes", "no", or whatever
you need to answer. The reason why I state that, is that a lot of times, people
will say "uh-huh", "huh-uh", or they will shake their head, they'll shrug their
shoulders, or they will point, and I may know what you mean by that today, but
it will not transcribe well on to the record. So, I need you to respond
verbally. Do you understand?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Good. If you do happen to do one of those things, either I, or your
attorney, will ask you to clarify. And that's only because we are trying to get
a clear record. Agreed?
	A	Okay.
	Q	Good. The next thing is, you were just given the oath by the court
reporter. That's the same oath that you would take as though we were in a court
of law. You're sworn to tell the truth under the penalty of perjury. Do you
understand the meaning of that oath?
	A	Can you explain it to me.
	Q	Certainly. You've just sworn to tell the truth. And if you don't tell us
the truth today, that means that you may be found guilty of committing the crime
of perjury, which is telling a lie under oath to tell the truth. Essentially,
what you need to do today, is just tell us the truth, and that oath that you
were just given, would be the same oath that you would be given as though you
were sitting in a courtroom with a judge. Even though we are in the informal
settings of my conference room, the oath has the same force and effect as though
we were in a courtroom. Do you understand the meaning of the oath now?
	A	Yes. I do.

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Would you state your name for the record please?
	A	Daniel Jean Miller.
	Q	Have you ever had your deposition taken before?
	A	Yes. I have.
	Q	And on how many occasions?
	A	Two times.
	Q	And how long ago did you have that done?
	A	The last time was approximately two and a half years ago.
	Q	And the time before that?
	A	It was about a year prior to that.
	Q	And what was the nature of the first incident?
	A	The very first one?
	Q	Uh-huh.
	A	It was a lawsuit. I was suing for part of the business.
	Q	And the second occasion, about two and a half years ago. What was that
involving?
	A	That was a lawsuit against a construction company that owed me money on
a project I did for them.
	Q	Are you represented by Mr. Jones?
	A	Yes. I am.
	Q	And you've had the opportunity to speak with him prior to the
deposition?
	A	Yes. I have.
	Q	And you've had the opportunity to discuss with him the nature of a
deposition?
	A	Yes. I have.
	Q	I just want to describe very briefly the deposition, and some
understandings we need to have in order to proceed. You may be aware that we're
in my library. It's somewhat informal, but you understand that you're under
oath?
	A	Correct.
	Q	You understand that the testimony that you give today has the same force
and effect as if you were in a courtroom. Do you understand that?
	A	Yes. I do.
	Q	And, do you understand that the testimony that you give today can be
used in the courtroom?
	A	Yes. I do.
	Q	If I ask you anything that is at all confusing to you, stop me, and I
will do my best to clarify it for you, so that you only answer questions that
you understand. Okay?
	A	Okay.

---

BY MR. CHANDLER:
	Q	What position was it that you hired Ms. Bain for at Paul West?
	A	The branch manager job.
	Q	And did you make it clear upon hiring her what the agency did?
	A	Yes.
	Q	What was your understanding of what Paul West Agency did?
	A	It was a service agency.
	Q	How had Ms. Bain heard of your company prior to applying for the
position?
	A	She knew someone in the company who told her of the job opening.
	Q	Who was that person?
	A	I don't recall.
	Q	Was it Judy Lux
	Q	Was it Judy Lux?
	A	That might have been the person. I seem to remember a different name.
	Q	Could it have been that you knew Judy Lux by another name?
	A	That could be it.
	Q	You don't recall a Judy by another name?
	A	No. I don't.
	Q	Could it have been Judy Pitt?
	A	As a matter of fact, I knew Judy Pitt had married. Her name might have
been Lux, but I don't think that she was the same person who recommended the job
to Ms. Bain.
	Q	Do you have any reason to believe it was not this person?
	A	I seem to recall a different name.
	Q	Did you know whether Ms. Bain was married when you hired her?
	A	I knew she was not married.
	Q	Did you know that she had married after starting at the company?
	A	Yes. I did.
	Q	Did you know who she married?
	A	Yes. It was common knowledge.
	Q	Did you know what her husband did?
	A	Yes. It was common knowledge.
	Q	Did you know that he also worked at the company?
	A	Yes.
	THE COURT:  Did you know her husband?
	THE WITNESS:  I did know him.
BY MR. CHANDLER:
	Q	Did you ever speak with Ms. Bain about her husband?
	A	No. I didn't.
	Q	Can you describe Ms. Bain's job duties at Paul West agency?
	A	Basically, she was responsible for the claims service.
	Q	And what were you responsible for at the company?
	A	I was responsible for the entire operation of this branch.
	Q	When you say the entire operation of the branch, is that the branch of
the building also?
	A	I was responsible for the entire operation of the building, yes.
	Q	Did you have someone in charge of personnel issues?
	A	We had someone in charge of personnel.
	Q	Did that person know about the problems that Ms. Bain was having?
	A	The problems were never reported to me.
	Q	Did the person in charge of personnel report directly to you?
	A	Yes. She did.
	Q	Isn't it unusual for personnel issues to be discussed with you?
	A	No. It is not.
