oh, I, will, were, one, not, with, when, him, been, so, than, it's, know, some,
way, ill, many, we, its, it, of, been, as, be, where, inform, being, there, way,
were, letter, could, itself, than, forward, after, avenue, there, continue,
than, inform, forward, information, weather, itself, letter, could, remember

can you ever, will you ever, be able, about the, had a, what will you, I was,
about you, and the, they have, have you, to the, would you have

Can you ever forgive me for not contacting you sooner? You must have had a
difficult time locating a chair to match your antique living room set. When will
you do about the two end tables. Will you ever be able to match of them. I was
thinking about you, and the problem and wondered have you been to the old
trading company? They have gone in for antiques and collectibles. Would you have
the time to visit their store in Maywood?

substitute, subdue, subscribe, sublease, subsequent, subdivision, subject,
subpoena, suburb, subway, submit, substantial

What is the subject of her talk?
A complete sentence must have a subject and a verb.
The guards attempted to subdue the prisoner.
The injection will subdue the patient.
Track 10 is a subdivision on the north side of the city.
Do you subscribe to the Wall Street Journal?
Craig and Carl subscribe to the Weekly Star.
What was the subsequent outcome of the contest?
He was hospitalised subsequent to the accident.
Did he submit his resignation?
The attorney will submit the gun into evidence.
The sublease was invalid.
Kay will sublease her apartment.
They will subpoena the witness.
A subpoena is a written legal order.
A robbery occurred at the subway station.
Was the subway train on time?
The coach sent in a substitute to play for the injured player.
Our substitute instructor is Ms. Pratt.

2 weeks, 17 months, 20 months, 18 weeks, 4 years, 6 months, 15 years, 38 years

My family includes 10 people. I have 5 brothers and 2 sisters. My brothers are
Timmy, who is 3 years old, Jimmy, who is 7 years old, Mike, who is 8 years old,
Tom, who is 12 years old, and Greg, who is 15 years old. My sisters are Mia, who
is 11 years old, and Sam, who is 14 years old. I am 18 years old. My mother is
40 years old, and my father is 44 years old.

The gold was sold to Ted.
He filled the field with players.
She told the police the man was bald.
Ben called for a new mold.
He held the collar on hold.
Frank mailed the old coin.
Did you attempt to cite him for contempt?
Tom is always prompt with the preemptory challenge.
Sal wished he had finished his work.
Joe cashed his cheque, and fished for an hour.
He bashed into the wall and smashed his finger.
Sue washed the clothes and dashed to work.
The fires are worse now.
The cars were in for repairs.
The mayors are standing near the flares.
He cares about matters that pertain to the robbers.
The writers paid the fares before climbing the stairs.
The tractors belong to the partners.

Go fly your kite.
Type up the rhyme.
Hire a new pilot.
You dine in style.
It is time to smile.
Add a slice of lime.
It was high tide.
Buy a little time.
Mike was too shy.
I am a mite tired.
Dial the right size.
I might like tile.
I like ripe limes.
He bribed the guide.
It was a wild night.
The price is right.
Tie up the line.
I really like Ike.

---

The Comeback Kid
In the mint green therapy room at the hospital in Harvey, 20 miles away, John
sits patiently as his physical therapist Kelly Christiansen removes his
sweatshirt while John's father, Larry, chats about farm conditions. Making the
biweekly sessions is not easy for John's parents. Their married daughter, Kim
Blotter, lives away from home in Fargo, and their older son, Mick, 22, is a
truck driver who can pitch in on the farm only once or twice a week. With John
out of commission, Larry and Karen, who also drive the local school bus route
every day, are doing double duty just to get by. Still, they want to be by
John's side when they can. Larry was upset that old equipment without modern
safety devices hurt his son so terribly. "But", he says, "guilt, and going over
the past doesn't get you anything". John knows it was an accident. Pulling
John's fingers, Christiansen says "They're feeling good, John". "Yes, I know",
he responds. "Doctor Van Beak's almost sure I will get the feeling back", though
there is some discomfort as Kelly rotates John's arms, he feels no pain. "We're
keeping things stretched out as much as possible, so you will have muscles to
work with when the nerves come back". Though John's nerves are healing well, the
bones are not mending satisfactorily, and bone grafting must be performed. To
accommodate his senior year activities, the doctor agreed to schedule the
operation for later May. But when, early in May, a nurse from the office leaves
a message saying John is scheduled for surgery on May 23rd, John gets testy.
"I'm not going", he says, "I want to be here with my friends". Softly, Karen
says "you have to go". But, he is adamant, "oh no, I don't", he said, "this is
my body". Van Beak is not a man John crosses lightly. By the following day, he
has mellowed. "I'm so scared about the surgery", he says, "I'm scared of the
pain". At times like these, his trust in Dr. Van Beak is a source of great
comfort. A former North Dakota farm boy, who himself was injured in a tractor
accident, the microsurgeon shares a special bond with his patient. "Everybody
says I'm the hero", John likes to say, "but my doctor is the one who put me back
together". On his first return visit, John brought the surgeon a gift: a
handmade wooden calendar. There is something on the back. Van Beak saw the
neatly penned words, written by Karen at John's direction. "I think somebody
else better read this, or I'll cry". Karen took the calendar: "to my hero", she
read, "from your favourite and most famous patient. John Thompson". Touched by
the courage of John, Van Beak has become more than just his doctor. Responding
to John's worries about what to do with his donated money, Van Beak referred the
family to a money manager. He gently, but firmly, pushes John to enroll in
college in the fall. "Fame is fleeting, John. One day the cameras will be gone,
and you will be alone". As fond as he is of his most famous patient, Van Beak is
concerned about John's flirtation with stardom. "Right now", he says, "John is
in denial with all the attention and excitement, he hasn't come to terms with
the fact that he lost something very important". Years from now, John may regain
some use of his hands, but until them, he has to learn to function more fully on
his own, using a feeding device, for example, instead of being fed. "Your mom is
doing super human duties", he tells him, "that can't go on forever". This
summer, when John will spend six weeks doing rehab therapy at the Courage
Center, near Minneapolis, reality will hit, his doctor predicts. "He'll have
some difficult times, but when he's gone through it, he'll be able to do most
things for himself. This has to happen. His self-esteem, his future depends
on it". Back at home, John and his parents are sitting at lunch at the tiny café
in town. Already at the table, his Grandma, Vera Thompson, breaks into a warm
smile when she sees her grandson, "he's always such a sweet boy". If all goes
well, John hopes to enroll at the University of Mary, a private Catholic
college, and room with his friend Darnell. As the family talks about plans, Vera
picks up John's hand and begins massaging John's fingers. "Grandma", John
complains, "not here". Grinning, she continues. "He's not sure he wants that
from his Grandma", she laughs, "I'm waiting for the day when he can squeeze me
back".

foreman, historical, hypothetically, assault, Penal Code, violent, definition,
clarify, legislative, academic, trier, battery, England

The jury has returned. In response to the question from the foreman in
considering the definition of assault with intent to commit murder, we will
clarify wrongful act, and attempt was unlawful. I am going to read to you the
legislative definition of assault from the Penal Code. The bar review committee
has included some words that probably created some of this confusion. Assault is
an unlawful attempt, coupled with a present ability to commit a violent injury
upon the person of another. You can see in the printed instructions that were
submitted to the jury, and are made available to the jury during their
deliberations, we have added "to commit a wrongful act by means of physical
force" instead of "to commit a violent injury". When you have an assault, what
it really means is that you intend to strike, hit, shoot, or knife another
person. In other words, you intend to commit a battery. I am not getting too
historical or academic in my next comment, hopefully, but one of the cases that
most law students read, or at least I read it back in the late 90s, when I was
attending law school, is a case from England. This is a case I guess everyone,
or every law student, has read, which I didn't ask counsel if they covered, or
not. But I am sure they have. It says if it wasn't a size time, I would run you
through when a man has a sword against the stomach of another. In that
particular season, he is not going to commit a violent injury on another person.
So, the question is whether this is an attempt of not. Well, it was not an
attempt because he didn't intend to commit a battery. Now, the law is that you
have to have an unlawful attempt. This means an attempt that is unjustified
under the law. And, of course, an unlawful attempt could be a wrongful act by
means of physical force. So, in speaking hypothetically, if you have an
unjustified striking of another person, say not in actual defense of yourself,
or in actual defense of another person, then, it would be considered unlawful.
It is unjustified, but you can have such conduct where it is not considered
unlawful under the laws of the state. These are determinations for the trier of
fact to make under the evidence that is presented.

gravity, crystal, electricity, platinum, Centigrade, copper, sliver, gold,
mercury, alloyed, utensils, metal

The most useful and important substances in the earth's crust are the metals.
People have used them for centuries to produce weapons, tools, and utensils. All
the metals are solid at ordinary temperatures, except, of course, mercury. Most
of the metals have certain distinguishing properties which include a definite
crystal structure, a low melting point, and the ability to conduct heat and
electricity. Gold was probably discovered on earth before any other metal.
Normally found near the earth's surface, gold is one of the heaviest metals,
with a specific gravity of 19.3. Gold is too soft to be used in its pure form.
So, it is often alloyed with sliver, copper, and platinum. The best gold
jewellery contains 600 to 800 parts of gold per 1000. Gold has a low melting
point of 1063 degrees Centigrade, and a boiling point of 2600 degrees
Centigrade. Hot gold vapour is a deep colour of purple.

---

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	What did you find?
	A	In the garage, I found some cases of liquor, and a collector truck that
I remembered as having been taken on June the 25th.
	Q	These cases of liquor that you found, were they opened, or unopened, or
both?
	A	Both.
	Q	All right. And the particular collector truck you found in the garage,
what color was that?
	A	As I recall it, it was a red one. It came off of the -- shall I tell the
incident where it came off.
	THE COURT:  Well, no. Right now just tell us the color?
	THE WITNESS:  I believe it was red. As I recall it.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	And can you recall if it had, like, a number, or a serial number, or a
model number on it?
	A	It actually had two numbers on it. One was welded on, and one was just
written with a marker or some such thing.
	Q	Could you state now what those numbers were?
	A	No. I can't.
	MR. STPHAO:  Did you put it in your report?
	THE WITNESS:  Yes. It would be in the report. I'm sure.
	MR. STPHAO:  Did you search the area for any particular automobile in the
vicinity?
	THE WITNESS:  Yes. I did.
	THE COURT:  Can you describe the particular automobile?
	THE WITNESS:  I had a description of two or three that I was looking for.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	You had been given descriptions of two or three automobiles?
	A	Yes, sir. That is correct.

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	So, you knew he was possibly suicidal?
	A	Yes. There was some paperwork that came in with Mr. Dalton to that
effect. We had also been prewarned as to his condition.
	Q	What is the normal procedure in most institutions of this nature to
safeguard a person of this nature from himself?
	A	We check the person for any type of weapon, sharp objects, belts,
scarves et cetera, that can be used in a manner to inflict harm to themselves.
	THE COURT:  Are they thoroughly examined?
	THE WITNESS:  Yes. We conduct a no-clothes search. Sometimes called a skin
search.
	THE COURT:  Was this examination performed on Mr. Dalton?
	THE WITNESS:  Yes. It was.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Then what happened?
	A	Because of the sporadic behaviour, at the time of the arrival of Mr.
Dalton at the Portland facility, the floor supervisor decided to put him into
four-point restraints.
	Q	Is that the common medical way of safeguarding an individual from
himself?
	A	Yes. It is.
	Q	Was there a supervising doctor on duty during that time?
	A	Yes. There was.
	Q	Did he examine Mr. Dalton at the time he entered the facility?
	A	No. He was attending to other patients, and wasn't expected to see Mr.
Dalton until the following morning.
	Q	So, in other words, to protect Mr. Dalton from himself, he was placed in
four-point restraints?
	A	Yes. He was.
	Q	Mr. Kelly, how long have you worked at the Portland State Hospital?
	A	Five years and about three months.
	Q	In your five years at the facility, what other methods have you seen
administered to calm an individual down to eliminate the risk of suicide?
	A	Normally, we use one of two methods. The most common method is to place
the person in isolation. We take everything away that they might use to
inflict harm. Sometimes we put them in padded cells.
	MR. EUFPLT:  Is medication ever administered to calm down individuals?
	THE WITNESS:  Very infrequently.
	MR. EUFPLT:  How infrequently? One out of five patients? One out of 100
patients? One out of 1000 patients?
	THE WITNESS:  I don't know. We would have to check the hospital records.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Are all persons whose behaviour you would characterise as sporadic put
into four-point restraints?
	A	Not always. But, there was no doctor immediately available.
	Q	Who makes the determination to put the person in four-point restraints?
	A	Normally, the doctor.
	THE COURT:  Who made the determination to put Mr. Dalton in restraints?
	THE WITNESS:  The floor supervisor, Mrs. Jackson.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Where was Mr. Dalton taken to after he was put in four-point restraints?
	A	To cell 11A.
	Q	Was Mr. Dalton examined by a physician that day, June 3rd, 2007?
	A	No. He wasn't.
	Q	What time did Mr. Dalton enter the Portland State Hospital?
	A	I believe at about 1:25 p.m.
	Q	So, Mr. Dalton was put in four-point restraints on June 3rd, 2007,
placed in cell 11A, and left there for over 18 hours. Is that correct?
	A	What do you mean by "left there"?
	Q	He was left there unattended for 18 hours?
	A	No. That is not true. He was checked every hour, on the hour, by a floor
attendant.

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Did Daniel ever wake you up at night, screaming and yelling?
	A	I don't know.
	Q	Did Daniel ever wake you up in the middle of the night with bad dreams?
	A	No. I guess not.
	Q	Did Daniel ever tell you he was having bad dreams?
	A	No -- I don't know -- I don't remember.
	Q	Was the sun still out and shining when this happened?
	A	It was. The sun was setting.
	Q	Now, after this accident with Daniel, did you ever go to a doctor
because of this accident?
	A	I don't remember.
	Q	Did you ever go and talk with a counselor, or a priest, or a pastor,
about what happened to Daniel?
	A	No.
	Q	Did you tell any of your friends about what happened to Daniel?
	A	I think so.
	MR. EUFPLT:  Did you go to the same school as Daniel?
	THE WITNESS:  Yes.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Did any of your friends ever tease Daniel?
	A	No.
	Q	Did Daniel wear shorts that summer after he got bit by the dog?
	A	I think so.

---

BY MS. BRYANT:
	Q	Okay. Thank you. Now, prior to working for Tim's Painting Services, who
did you work for?
	A	I didn't work for anybody. I had my own business. I was a gardener.
	MR. NELSON:  I was what?
	THE WITNESS:  A gardener. I had a lawn business.
BY MS. BRYANT:
	Q	What was the name of your gardening business?
	A	It was called Fantastic Gardener.
	Q	Did you register this business with the state of California?
	A	No.
	Q	From -- for how long did you have your gardening business? From when to
when?
	A	For about three years. Three or four years.
	Q	From which year to which year would that have been?
	A	It was approximately from 2009 to 2010.
	Q	Were you -- so, you were self-employed. Is this correct?
	A	Yes. I was.
	Q	Did you employ any other people to work with you?
	A	Oh, no. It was just myself.
	Q	Could you please give me a description of your job duties? What you did
with your business as a gardener. What were your daily duties?
	A	To cut the grass and trim the bushes. And to plant flowers, weed, edge,
sweep, and plant grass, too.
	Q	Did you use any equipment, such as lawn tools?
	A	Well, what you use to cut the lawn, and to trim the trees. I used a
lawnmower, and an edger, and a broom.
	Q	How many hours did you work per day as a gardener? An approximate number
is fine?
	A	It was about six hours a day.
	MR. NELSON:  Where did you work? What cities? What area?
	THE WITNESS:  It was in Ventura County.
BY MS. BRYANT:
	Q	And how many days a week did you work?
	A	About four days a week. Sometimes five days a week.
	Q	Did you have -- did you do any other type of employment while you had
your own business as a gardener?
	A	No. That was it.
	Q	About how many jobs would you do while working for yourself?
	A	About four houses a day. Sometimes more, sometimes less.
	Q	And how did -- how were you paid?
	A	Some with cheques, some with cash.
	Q	And did you ever injure yourself while you were self-employed as a
gardener?
	A	Not that I can recall. No.
	Q	And prior to your self-employment -- strike that -- about when did you
stop working for yourself, or when did you -- why did you stop your own
business?
	A	The reason why I stopped doing it is because I was robbed twice, and
they stole all of my equipment.
	Q	Do you recall the month and year that you stopped working as a gardener?
	A	Honestly, no. I don't.
