batch, catch, clutch, etch, fetch, hash, hitch, hutch, match, much, niche,
patch, sketch, stitch, stretch, such, switch, twitch, which, watch, ash, bash,
brash, brush, bush, crush, crash, flesh, fresh, gash, gosh, gush, lush, mash,
mesh, mush, push, squash, smash, splash, squash, stash, wash, wish

Is the rag wet?
Are the rags wet?
The tar is hot.
The tar is red hot.
Is the tar hot?
The cups are red.
Are the cups red?
The rug is soft.
Is the rug soft?
A rat is with the cat.
Is the cat with a rat?
Put the tab.
Is the tab pulled?
The tab is pulled.
Start the car.
The red car is starting.
Is the car stopping?
Are the cars stopping?
Can the cars stop?
The car can stop.
The cats are curled up.
The cats are purring.
Is the pet a cat, a cub, or a rat?
Are the pets cats, cubs, or rats?
Are the cuffs short?
The cuffs are short.
Is the skull hard?
War is hard.
Can the war stop?
The war stopped.

change, percent, percentage, arrange, return, regard, forward, shipment,
statement, action, accident, axe, therefore, idea, government, circumstance,
surprise, organise, organisation, again, against, area, section, direct,
direction, collect, collection, select, selection, correct, correction, connect,
connection

Title 1: 1,433,588,000
Public law 1874: 51,423,401
Title 2: 128,750,000
Public law 1815: 947,217
Title 3: 180,250,000
Public law 816: 985,389
Title 4: 1,452,796,000
Public law 803: 65,682,238
Title 5: 2,729,483,000
Public law 824: 27,982,238
Title 6: 2,376,004
Public law 891: 42,558,322

---

Nothing helps us build our perspective more than developing compassion for
others. Compassion is a sympathetic feeling. It involves the willingness to put
yourself in someone else's shoes. To take the focus off yourself, and to imagine
what it's like to be in someone else's predicament, and simultaneously love for
that person. It's the recognition that other people's problems, their pain and
frustrations, are every bit as real as our own, often far worse. In recognising
this fact, and trying to offer some assistance, we open our own hearts, and
greatly enhance our sense of gratitude. Compassion is something you can develop
with practice. It involves two things: intention and action. Intention simply
means to remember to open your heart to others. You expand what and who matters
from yourself and to other people. Action is simply what you do about it. You
might donate a little money, or time, or both, on a regular basis to a cause
near to your heart. Or perhaps you'll offer a beautiful smile and a genuine
"hello" to the people you meet on the street. It's not so important what you do,
but just that you do something. As Mother Theresa reminds us: we cannot do great
things on this earth. We can only do great things with great love. Compassion
develops your sense of gratitude by taking your attention off all the little
things that most of us have learned to take too seriously. When you take time
often to reflect on the miracle of life, the miracle that you are even able to
read this book, the gift of sight, of love, and all the rest, it can help to
remind you that many of the things that you think of as big stuff are really
just small stuff that you are turning into big stuff.

Mr. Speaker, in the closing days of the 98th Congress, I would like to discuss
a cruel and burdensome hardship that is about to fall on American families who
rent an apartment or home to a family member. This burden is the family rental
tax, which is a provision of the internal revenue tax code. In short, this tax
disallows some of the normal deductions on rental property when the tenant
is a relative. Today, I am reintroducing a bill which will put an end to the
family rental tax. This is a potential harm with the family rental tax. Even
if the property is rented at full market value, this new tax would impose a
strict penalty on the property owner. I believe the family rental tax is a step
backward. We must continue to recognise the family unit as a primary source of
support for all its members, and in particular, its older members. The bill
that I have developed, will correct the language of the code to more clearly
show that Congress supports the limits on deductions on vacation rentals, but
does not support the limits on principal residences. Part one would change the
language of section 5473D to allow the normal deductions with rental property
when the taxpayer rents to a family member. Part two would change the language
of section 8399R of the code to restrict the tax allowances for taxpayers
who have vacation rental property that is not rented on a 12-month or yearly
basis. We are fortunate because the Internal Revenue Service will not enforce
the family rental tax in this tax year. I urgently encourage my distinguished
colleagues, all tax payers themselves, to consider this matter before the close
of Congress.

That was how all of us felt in my family: my mother, my older brother, Jason,
my older sister, Julia, and me. We had love, we had each other, and we had God
at the centre of our lives. Even after I grew up, and my career took me far
from Chicago, I'd still go back there. When I had my big audition for The Dream
Girls, you know where I went to pray? The steps of the church where I'd been
going since I'd been going since I was born. The church where I found my voice,
or when I won the Academy Award for my role in Dream Girls, or had my first
solo album released, or got engaged, who did I want to thank? God, first and
foremost. Then the people he put in my life to support and inspire me: my family
and my church most of all. They'd given me all I'd needed to make my way. I try
to remember them and honour them in everything I do, especially my grandmother,
who believed the best way to show her gratitude to God for her singing voice,
was to use it to serve him. My mother, who was utterly devoted to our family,
my brother, who had such a generous spirit, he loved to barbecue, feeding the
whole neighbourhood, and my nephew, Julia's son, Julia King, he was so smart,
and did his homework without being told. He changed his own bedtime from 9:00
to 8:00, so he wouldn't be late for school. He had people call him Dr. King,
because he dreamed of being a doctor. Julia and I started the Julian D. King
Gift Foundation to provide children positive experiences in his honour. Every
August 14, Julian's birthday, we hold a "hatch" day: a name he came up with. We
don't know how. He loved parties, and would sent out hatch day invites to family
and friends. We celebrate his birthday by donating school supplies to thousands
of kids in need. I think Julian would have been totally into getting kids as
excited about school as he was. We hold an annual Christmas toy drive in his
name, too. Now, when Christmas comes I want to do all the things I did growing
up: get the fireplace going, get our family together for a fish fry, gather
around the piano, and sing. And, of course, go to church for the Christmas play,
with all the children carrying candles down the aisle, and everyone singing
carols. There's something about, or special about Christmas, about celebrating
a kind of beauty that brings people together, that heels the wounds only he can
heal. I got that exact same feeling there, in that historic church in Harlem,
while we were filming. "Fix me, Jesus", sings the character I play. It's an
outpouring of emotion we make when we're broken hearted. When our spirits are
as low as they can go. So, she goes back to New York for the first time in
years, reuniting with her parents, and her son. What a celebration follows. The
choir, leaping to their feet, and clapping and singing. At last she is back in
the place that nourished her. That sustained her still. Church, the place I've
always called home.

The burden of proof rests upon the defendant, ladies and gentlemen, to prove
by the greater weight of the evidence that the property in question was in a
damaged condition when the property was delivered to him, at which time, the
title passed from the plaintiff to the defendant. Any damage, of course, after
such delivery, which was not due to any negligence or fault on the part of the
plaintiff, could not be charged to the Plaintiff. Upon a breach of warranty
on the sale of personal property, the buyer has the right to recover for all
damages, which in the contemplation of the parties, or according to the natural
or usual course of things may result from said such breach. The ordinary measure
of damages is the difference between the actual value of the goods sold, and
what would have been their value if they had been as warranted. In this case,
the defendant claims to have sustained such damages because of certain loss
sustained by reason of the plaintiff's breach of warranty, and in this claim,
it included profits or gains which he would have realised from the chickens
purchased that they had been in the condition as represented. He claims that
because of his losses, and the death of these chickens, such profits were denied
to him. It is a law that where reasonable profits or gains and prevented, and
losses sustained because of a breach of warranty, and where the losses may
be determined with reasonable certainty from the evidence, such profits may
be recovered by the buyer. However, such damages can be recovered only when
capable of being ascertained with a certain degree of certainty, and which such
profits are within the contemplation of the parties as a result of the breach of
warranty.

---

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	When your truck was stopped at the intersection of Wheeling Road and
Huntington Drive, which lane were you in?
	A	I was in the number two lane next to the curb.
	Q	Did the accident occur a little bit to the left of you, and in front of
you?
	A	Yes, sir.
	Q	Did you observe the Ford Mustang swerve or change lanes or move to the
left or to the right at any time prior to the impact?
	A	No, sir.
	Q	Did you observe the Dodge Durango move to the left or to the right at
any time prior to the impact?
	A	No.
	Q	So they both proceeded straight into each other?
	A	Yes. They did.
	Q	Can you describe the movement of the Dodge after the impact?
	A	Well, it was hit in the left side door. And it spun around. The Mustang
came right directly on around in front of it, and proceeded to come directly in
front of me up on to the curb.
	Q	Did the Mustang come close to your truck?
	A	Yes.
	Q	About how close did it come?
	A	Oh, about a foot.
	Q	What portion of the Mustang came within a foot of your truck?
	A	The right hand side of the car.
	Q	That would be the passenger side of the car?
	A	Yes. The passenger side of the car.
	MR. EUFPLT:  Was the Mustang rotating at that time? Was it spinning?
	THE WITNESS:  No.
	MR. EUFPLT:  All right. Did this Dodge rotate or turn as it went past you?
	THE WITNESS:  It spun. It was hit. It spun around.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Which way did it spin?
	A	It was spinning to the right -- I mean, to the left.
	Q	So if you were looking down at the Mustang, would that be
counterclockwise?
	A	Counterclockwise.
	Q	Where did the vehicles come to rest at the intersection?
	A	I don't remember where the Dodge came to rest. I think it was just on
the other side of Wheeling and Huntington. The Mustang came to rest on the
sidewalk in front of me -- alongside of me.
	Q	That would be to the right of your vehicle, where it stopped?
	A	To the right of my vehicle, right.
	THE COURT:  You don't know where the Dodge came to rest?
	THE WITNESS:  Offhand, I don't remember if it died right there, or just
moved a little ways, and stopped or not. I don't remember.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Did you get out of your truck there, or did you move your truck?
	A	I got out of it right there.
	Q	Did you approach either of the cars involved?
	A	Yes. I did.
	Q	Did you speak with either of the drivers?
	A	Yes. I did.
	Q	Can you tell me what you said and what the driver of the Mustang said?
	A	Well, not right offhand. Actually, I think I asked the woman if she was
hurt.
	Q	What did she say?
	A	She said she was hurt. I think she was still in shock at that time.
	MR. EUFPLT:  Was she still in her car at that time?
	THE WITNESS:  Yes. She was.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Did she appear to be injured to you?
	A	I can't say. Actually, she was white as a sheet, and very shaken up. But
as far as being hurt, I'm not a doctor, so I don't know.
	Q	Did you talk to the driver of the Dodge after the accident?
	A	Just briefly.
	Q	Just what did you say to her and what did she say to you?
	A	I was just asking her how bad she was hurt.
	Q	What did she say?
	A	She was bleeding.
	Q	Where was she bleeding?
	A	If I remember right, it was more or less down in back of her ear. I
think it was her left ear. Her eye had a cut above it.
	Q	Before the officer arrived, did either of the drivers get out of their
cars?
	A	Yes.
	MR. EUFPLT:  Which one?
	THE WITNESS:  The one in the Dodge got out and sat on the curb.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	How long were you at the scene of the accident?
	A	For 15 or 20 minutes?
	THE COURT:  How long?
	THE WITNESS:  15 or 20 minutes.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Were you there when the West Virginia highway patrol arrived?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Did you observe whether the officer looked at the intersection where the
accident occurred, and inspected for debris or skid marks? Did he take any
measurements?
	A	They did. I left about 20 minutes after the accident happened. I made
two short stops. I came back by there 20 minutes later. They were measuring out
there, then. I could see that they had their measurements and gear out there.
	THE COURT:  Excuse me, counsel. We need to go off the record. We need to
take our afternoon break. Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, we will take a 20
minute break. Please remember not to discuss this case with anyone, including
each other.  Go strictly to the restroom, make a call, or get a drink or snack,
but do not discuss this case with anyone, or with any other juror. We will see

---

BY MR. MARSHALL:
	Q	And of the 20 people that you saw, did you know any of those people?
	A	No.
	Q	You'd never met them before?
	A	No.
	Q	Do you know if they were all together, or if -- if they -- or was there
just 20 people and you're going to now find out what's going on?
	A	Yes. I -- I -- they didn't -- I didn't know if they were all together or
different people.
	Q	Okay. And what's the very first thing that you did when you got there as
you're -- I'm continuing on with your -- you're telling me you saw these people
and the fire trucks. What's the first thing that you did?
	A	I don't recall the very first thing I did.
	Q	Okay. Did you notice anything at all about any of these 20 people? Were
there any women?
	A	I don't recall.
	Q	That is to say -- I guess what you're saying is, you don't know if some
were woman, some were guys. Obviously, there's going to be one or the other?
	A	Correct.
	THE COURT:  You're just not sure of the number, or if there was any women,
or the number of women, or the number of guys, if you will.
	THE WITNESS:  Correct.
BY MR. MARSHALL:
	Q	Do you remember anything at all about what they had on, as far as their
clothing?
	A	It was just a bunch of people dressed in different fashions.
	Q	Okay. That's fine?
	A	I don't recall anything in particular.
	Q	Nothing seemed to be where a bunch of people had the same thing on, or
something was weird? Maybe they had weird coloured shoes, or something like
that? That doesn't come to your mind now, thinking back on it.
	MR. MADISON:  Objection, your Honor. Asked and answered.
	THE COURT:  Sustained.
BY MR. MARSHALL:
	Q	Okay. And as you strike that, you mentioned that there was a gentleman
on the -- on the ground?
	A	Correct.
	Q	And did you take any photographs of the exact location that gentleman
was when you first arrived?
	A	No.
	Q	And do you know if anyone had moved that gentleman that was on the
ground from the end of the accident sequence until your arrival on scene?
	A	No.
	Q	Did you ever ask any questions of -- that question of anybody who was
there?
	A	No.
	Q	As you said today, you're not certain if anybody did move him. Is that
accurate?
	A	That is correct.
	Q	You mentioned that when you were dispatched, they dispatched you, and
you were dispatched to the scene?
	A	Yes. I was.
	Q	On that dispatch, they mentioned it was a motorcycle that was down?
	A	I can't recall.
	THE COURT:  Oh, I'm sorry, maybe I misunderstood.
	THE WITNESS:  Yes, yes.
	THE COURT:  Again, if you want to clarify something, you let us know. I'll
be happy to let you do that. Okay.
	THE WITNESS:  Okay thank you.
