wrap, rat, rag, rob, rot, rob, red, rub, rug, rut, hat, hop, hog, hot, hug, hut
war, wet, how, hat, pop, pod, pot, pet, pep, pull, purr, car, cap, cab, cat,
cop, keg, cuff, curr, cup, cut, tar, tap, tag, tab, top, tub, tug

The tabs are paid at the pubs.
The labs are near the clubs.
The cabs hubs were stolen.
The bibs belong to Mr. Tibbs.
She fibs about her jobs.
The mobs broke the watch fobs.
The barn will burn if the lantern is lit.
Please turn the torn sheet over.
Did you learn the name of the fern from Laverne?
He was born in the morn.
The sheep were shorn in a pattern.
The tern laid eggs in the corn.
The apparel belongs to the girl.
Carl painted a mural.
Meryl put a spiral curl in her hair.
Did Mac hurl the pearl at Lynn or at Sheryll?
Did Beryl whirl the girl?
The coral was found in the laurel near the barrel.

Alabama 25,022
Alaska 2,153
Arizona 1,318
California 35,129
Florida 3,103
Connecticut 12,326
Georgia 7,118
Massachusetts 5,792
Idaho 6,227
Arkansas 9,894
Pennsylvania 9,852
Illinois 8,931
Colorado 14,720
Rhode Island 4,417
Hawaii 189
South Carolina 1,810
Indiana 8,411
Delaware 9,225

credit, many, until, account, this, can

Credit this to the account.
Many of us voted for this.
Do many of you have accounts here?
This account is closed.
The accountant posted the amount to this account.
This is certainly to his credit.
Pay of the creditors.
We will hold this until Friday.
Can this be credited to my account?
This company can maintain two accounts.
Can we wait until November?
There are many problems in this accounting system.
Who is your accountant?
The accountants recommend waiting until fall.
Can we credit the funds to her account?
This would seem to be the best plan until next week.
Thomas is a credit to the school.
Have many of you read the new plan?
Many of the accounts to have the credits reviewed.

can you, can he, can I, we can, I can, you can, she can, he can, can the
It can be done.
He can do it.
Can he get permission?
Can I take some?
Can you answer the question?
Can he work tomorrow?
Can I see again?
Can the account be opened?
It can be credited to your account.
She can keep them until you can use them.
He can take a lot of credit.
Can the car make the hill?
We can come tomorrow.
Can he build it?
She can sew.

---

Members of the jury, in the course of the proceedings before you, I shall, from
time to time, instruct you in the law pertaining to this case. It shall be your
duty to follow the law. You must, further, determine from the evidence, the
facts of the case, being judicious in your discrimination between fact and
allegation. Facts are limited to items of testimony admitted as evidence, or
stipulated by counsel. On other than direct testimony, counsel will say "so
stipulated". Allegations by counsel or litigants, inferences from questions,
hearsay, and all testimony stricken from the record, must be ignored as if they
had never occurred. If counsel objects to a question, and the objection is
sustained, you must not conjecture as to the probable answer to the question. On
the other hand, any objection to a question which is overruled by me is to be
treated as though there had been no objection, and the question is admissible.

Don't Sweat the Small Stuff
Often we allow ourselves to get all worked up about things that upon closer
examination aren't really that big a deal. We focus on little problems and
concerns, and blow them way out of proportion. A stranger, for example, might
cut in front of us in traffic. Rather than let it go, and go on with our day, we
convince ourselves that we are justified in our anger. We play out an imaginary
confrontation in our mind. Many of us might even tell someone else about the
incident later on, rather simply let it go. Why not instead simply allow the
driver to have his accident somewhere else? Try to have compassion for the
person and remember how painful it is to be in such an enormous hurry. This way,
we can maintain our own sense of well being, and avoid taking other people's
problems personally. There are many similar small stuff examples that occur
every day in our lives, whether we had to wait in line, listen to unfair
criticism, or do the lion's share of the work, it pays enormous dividends if we
learn not to worry about the little things. So many people spend so much of
their life energy sweating the small stuff, that they completely lose touch with
the magic and beauty of life. When you commit to working toward this goal, you
will find that you will have far more energy to be kinder and gentler.

Giant Jupiter -- See it in September
Tonight, if the sky is clear, you can see Jupiter, the biggest planet in the
solar system. You can watch it rise, and, if you have binoculars, you can see
four of its moons. You don't need a telescope to do all this, and you don't need
to be an expert. From Earth, Jupiter looks like a star. But, it isn't really.
Stars shine because they are hot, and make their own light. Like all of the
sun's planets, Jupiter shines simply because it reflects sunlight that is
falling on to it. Jupiter circles the sun, just as Earth does, but Jupiter is
much farther away. Earth is 93 million miles from the sun. Jupiter is 484
million miles from the sun. Because Jupiter is so far away, it takes 12 of
Earth's years to complete one orbit. Despite its great distance, Jupiter is very
bright. It looks brighter than any star, and it normally outshines every other
planet except Venus. Sometimes Mars is also brighter than Jupiter, but usually
it isn't. Jupiter is so bright because it is so big. It is 88,800 miles
across: 11 times wider than Earth. A planet that size reflects a lot of
sunlight. Seeing Jupiter is easy: on a clear night this September, go outside
two hours after sunset. Face east, the direction opposite where the sun sets.
Look at the entire eastern sky, and find the brightest star you can see. That
bright object is Jupiter. Jupiter will rise, and you can watch it do so. Make a
note of where Jupiter is at first, then come back in an hour. You'll see that
Jupiter is higher in the eastern sky. If you were to watch the planet all night,
you would see it continue to rise until it reached its high point. Then, it
would drop slowly down the western sky, and set in the west. Jupiter and the
other planets rise and set for the same reason the sun does: because the Earth
is turning. These objects appear to go around us. Now it's time for a greater
challenge. The four big moons of Jupiter. You can see them if you have
binoculars. Jupiter has sixteen known moons that go around it the way the moon
orbits Earth. Four of these moons are big, and they are easy to see with
binoculars. The other twelve are much smaller, and you would need a telescope to
see them. First, focus the binoculars by pointing them at any star and adjusting
the focus so that the star looks like a point. Then, hold the binoculars steady,
prop them up against a tree or fence, and point them at Jupiter. You should see
three or four tiny points of light lined up beside Jupiter. These points of
light are its large moons. Some of the moons might be on one side of the planet,
while others might be on the other side. And once during every orbit each moon
passes in front of, and behind, Jupiter. At those times, you can't see the moon
at all. That's why you might not see all four moons. Italian astronomer Galileo
Galilei discovered the four moons in 1610 when he pointed a small telescope at
Jupiter. Sometimes, the four moons are called the Galilean moons in his honour.
The moons names are Io, Europa, Ganymede, and Callisto. Several spacecraft have
sent back pictures of Jupiter and its moons. One of these spacecraft,
appropriately named Galileo, has gone into orbit around the planet. So, now we
know what the Galilean moons look like. Io is red and orange and yellow.
Ganymedes is grey, and Callisto is black. You won't be able to tell this through
binoculars, since all you'll see is tiny points of light. Jupiter's moons are
fun to watch. Each night they're in different places because they move around
Jupiter much faster than our moon moves around Earth. Our moon takes about a
month to go around Earth. But Io, the fastest of Jupiter's four big moons,
circles the planet in just one day and 18 hours. Even the slowest, Callisto,
completes an orbit in just half a month. Each night you can observe the moons
through binoculars, and write down where the moons are. Even if you don't want
to follow the motions of Jupiter's moons night after night, think what you've
done tonight. You've seen the biggest planet in the solar system, plus four of
its moons, all without a telescope. Not bad for a night's work.

A mensa et thoro, writ of certiorari, ex post facto, in limine

A mensa et thoro means a legal separation separation. Several states, including
California, use the term "separate maintenance" rather than "a mensa et thoro".
A writ of certiorari is an order requiring a review or inquiry, and is exercised
in an appellate proceeding. Certiorari is often shortened to "cert". Ex post
facto means "after the fact". An ex post facto law is a doctrine that makes an
act a crime after the act has been performed. A mensa et thoro means "from bed
and board". Ex post facto laws are generally prohibited by the constitution. In
limine means "on the threshold" or "about to happen", a motion made at the
outset of a trial is a motion in limine.

Mr. President, as this year has drawn to a close, what we have been taking, or
what has been taking place in eastern Europe is nothing short of a miracle. The
free world has stood by in utter amazement while one man, Mr. Gorbachev, has
been at the helm of a transformation that has taken people everywhere by
surprise. We have seen the Cold War peacefully deconstruct. We have seen the
Berlin Wall come tumbling down. We have seen the Iron Curtain crumble. Gorbachev
was president of the soviets, and a powerful leader. In some accounts, he is
regarded as a hero for challenging ideology that has been around since the time
of Stalin. By others, he is regarded as dangerous because he was questioning the
philosophy of communism. With remarkable imagination, Yeltsin has embarked on an
irreversible and daring course. He is attempting to transform an inherently
destructive governmental system. He is trying to bring down the old regime, and
make way for a new Soviet Union. Even a new Europe. We as Americans must
question his goals. Is he working toward a free Europe and a free international
market? The radical changes he has instigated during the last two years include
the right to free expression and free speech. He is attempting to restructure
his own country. To do away with suppression. To do away with threats. To do
away with stagnation. And to do away with forced labour. The effects of this
revolutionary way of thinking have been felt in Hungary, Germany, Poland, and
China. He has inaugurated these changes in his own country without bloodshed.
Mr. President, Yeltsin is to be heralded as a breath of fresh air. I highly
recommend that we wholeheartedly endorse and support him.

---

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Mr. Birch, will you state your relationship with the plaintiff Mr.
Swanson?
	A	I am a friend of Mr. Swanson's.
	Q	Will you state whether or not you observed an automobile accident on
September 10?
	A	I did.
	Q	Where was that accident?
	A	I was -- it was at 3rd and Oak.
	Q	Where had you been coming from when you saw the accident?
	A	We were coming from a friend's house.
	Q	And where does this friend live?
	A	He lives on James Avenue, off of 3rd.
	THE COURT:  About how far is that from where the accident happened?
	THE WITNESS:  About four or five blocks.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Will you state why you were over at this friend's house?
	A	Well, he just got married, and we went over there to see him for the
first time since the wedding.
	Q	I see. Who else was there besides yourself and your friend and his wife?
	A	Mr. Swanson.
	Q	Did you arrive together or separately?
	A	We arrived separately.
	Q	How did you get there?
	A	I drove in my own car.
	Q	Will you state what you did while you were visiting your friend?
	A	Oh, we watched TV and we had one drink, then we ate.
	Q	How late did you watch TV? Do you remember approximately?
	A	I would say until about 12:30.
	Q	And about what time did you leave?
	A	It must have been a little bit after two.
	MR. EUFPLT:  Did you leave separately?
	THE WITNESS:  That's right.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	When did you next observe Mr. Swanson's car?
	A	About a block away because he went around the block and I met him at the
next block. I got behind him.
	Q	Will you explain why he went around the block?
	A	Because he was facing in the other direction.
	Q	Were both your cars on the same street but facing different directions?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Which way were you facing?
	A	I was facing west so I could get on 3rd Avenue.
	Q	Will you explain the weather conditions as you started to drive home?
	A	The weather was very good.
	Q	And the road conditions?
	A	They were good, too.
	Q	Then both your car and Mr. Swanson's car were proceeding on 3rd Avenue.
Is that correct?
	A	That's right.
	Q	In which direction were you proceeding?
	A	We were going south.
	Q	How many blocks did you travel on 3rd before you got to Oak?
	A	About three blocks.
	MR. EUFPLT:  And how far were you behind Mr. Swanson's car?
	THE WITNESS:  About half a block.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Are you able to remember your speed at that time as you were travelling
down 3rd Avenue?
	A	About 25 miles an hour.
	Q	Was the distance between your car and the Swanson's car increasing or
decreasing?
	A	It stayed about the same.
	Q	Were you able to observe the speed of the Swanson's car as it proceeded
ahead of you?
	A	He was going about the same speed as I was.
	Q	Now, as the Swanson car approached Oak Street, a half block ahead of
you, will you tell the jury what you saw there?
	A	Well, I saw his brake lights go on. That caught my attention. And the
sound of the brakes caught my attention. Then, I saw the crash.
	THE COURT:  Did you see the defendant's car before the crash?
	THE WITNESS:  No. I didn't.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	When you saw the crash, what did you do?
	A	I stopped.
	Q	Approximately where did you stop if you remember?
	A	About the middle of the block on 3rd.
	MR. EUFPLT:  Would this be north or south of the accident.
	THE WITNESS:  It would be north of the accident.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	I see. And what did you do then?
	A	I got out of the car and went to see what it was all about. I saw Mr.
Swanson lying on the street.
	Q	Now, did you observe where the cars were as they came to rest after the
accident?
	A	Yes. I did.
	Q	Where was Mr. Swanson's car?
	A	It was close to the curb, facing northwest. I would say it was more or
less north.
	Q	Did you observe where the defendant's car was?
	A	Yes. I did. It was in the front yard of a house. It went through a
wooden fence and more or less ended up in the hedges. It flew over the curb and
landed in the hedges.

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	When the dog ran at Daniel, did you see what Daniel did?
	A	Yeah.
	Q	With your own eyes?
	A	Yes.
	Q	What did Daniel do?
	A	He started to climb the fence.
	Q	Did you see Daniel climb the fence?
	A	Yes.
	Q	How far up the fence did you see Daniel climb?
	A	Just like halfway. Almost up to the top.
	Q	Where were you when you saw Daniel halfway up the fence?
	A	I was in the garage, by the car.
	Q	Were you going into the house?
	A	Yes.
	Q	I'm sorry. What was the answer to that question?
	THE COURT:  Yes.
	MR. STPHAO:  Yes. Thank you.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Okay. Did you hear Daniel say anything to the dog?
	A	No.
	Q	Did you hear Daniel yell at the dog?
	A	No.

---

BY MR. SHARP:
	Q	Thank you for taking time off work so that you could attend this
deposition. Well, let's do this. Just to let you know, I'll be going a little
bit in your background, and cover a little bit of some of the information about
the accident, and then some specifics that are in your report. One thing that I
think is always important, is there are no video cameras today. So, no nods of
the head, shrugs of the shoulders, and even though we're audible here with
uh-huhs and huh-uhs, we need to get an actual English response: "yes" and "no",
if we can. If I do say to you "is that a yes or is that a no?", please
understand I'm not being rude to you. I'm just wanting to make certain our court
reporter gets a response in English. Okay?
	A	Okay. I understand.
	Q	Let's go first with your background, if you could. We're going to start
with your high school. Did you graduate from high school?
	A	Yes. I did.
	Q	And what year was that?
	A	That was in 2005.
	Q	And where did you go to high school?
	A	I went to high school at Union High School in Corona, California.
	Q	And while you were in high school, did you have any type of experience
with regard to police science, police investigation, anything like that?
	A	No.
	Q	Okay. And after high school, did you have any other kind of formal
education?
	A	Yes. I went to a local community college in Norco.
	MR. ALCALA:  What was the name of that college?
	THE WITNESS:  It is called Norco Hills College.
BY MR. SHARP:
	Q	Okay. And that's located in --
	A	Norco, California.
	Q	And what year did you enter?
	A	I entered in the spring of 2006.
	Q	And when did you graduate from there?
	A	No, wait, Fall of 2005. I'm sorry. It was in 2005.
	Q	Okay. And how long did you go to the Norco Hills College?
	A	I went for three years.
	Q	And did you end or stop then? Well, according to my notes, it would be
around 2008?
	A	That is correct.
	Q	Did you achieve any kind of certificate, degree, or anything like that?
	A	No.
	Q	And how many units did you accomplish?
	A	I'm not sure.
	MR. ALCALA:  Can you give us an estimate?
	THE WITNESS:  I don't have the estimate. It was whatever it is required to
transfer after having enough units.
BY MR. SHARP:
	Q	Oh, okay. Did you transfer?
	A	Yes.
