P487FRT 98GHS42 9891KRT 2346HGJ 876GFDT 9K998HH 900HJG6 675FTG3 9JKH872

I went to bed at 9 p.m.
We, too, had the same complaint.
Two men were seen leaving the scene.
She slipped and hurt her toe.
I had to call a tow truck.
Their story simply isn't true.
They're somewhere near there.
I lost money at the track.
Their tract of land is near mine.

Ms. Sherman is a secretary.
Mr. and Mrs. Jones are accountants.
Ms. Walker is a real estate broker.
Reverend Green is a minister.
Sergeant Brown became a lieutenant.
Robert Hopkins Jr. is a vice-president.
Dr. Harris is a psychiatrist.
Officer Thomas was an artist.
Senator Clark is the representative from New York.
Dean Adams is the chairman.
Professor Butler is treasurer of the committee.
Judge Wilson is known for her conservative attitude.

July 9, August 28, July 10, August 29, August 30, June 7, July 28, July 12,
August 31, June 9, July 13, September 1, June 10, July 14, July 31, September 3,
September 4th, July 16th, August 1st, August 2nd, July 17th, September 6th,
August 3rd, June 15th, July 20th, July 21st, August 22nd, June 19th.

---

The rights that are granted to everyone are the right to an attorney, the right
to a speedy and public jury trial, the right to confront witnesses, the right to
remain silent, and the right to produce evidence. Two of these rights have been
identified as being to important that a court decision set forth that they must
be disclosed to the individual who is being taken in for questions and possible
arrest. These two rights are the right against self-incrimination, and the right
to an attorney. If the rights are not read properly, the case may get thrown out
of court. Police officers take care in reading these rights to suspects to keep
it from being thrown out of court. The Miranda decision set forth that all
individuals must be told that these two rights are to help them get a fair
trial. All people must be informed of their rights accordingly. The decision was
important because it insured that people would get the protection that was given
to them under the constitution of the United States. When the Miranda decision
was handed down, it was designed to help even those people who were not aware of
the rights granted them under the constitution.

Haw picked up a small, sharp rock, and wrote a serious thought on the wall for
him to think about. As was his custom, Haw even drew a picture of cheese around
it, hoping it would help him to smile, lighten up, and go after new cheese. But,
Hem didn't want to see it. It read: "If you do not change, you can become
extinct". Then Haw stuck his head out and looked anxiously into the maze. He
thought about how he'd gotten himself into this cheese-less situation. He had
believed that there may not be any cheese in the maze, or he may not find it.
Such fearful beliefs were immobilising, and killing him. Haw smiled. He knew Hem
was wondering "who moved my cheese?", but Haw was wondering why didn't I get up
and move with the cheese sooner. As he started out into the maze, Haw looked
back to where he had come from, and felt its comfort. He could feel himself
being drawn back into familiar territory, even though he hadn't found cheese
there for some time.

assault and battery, felon, felony, arraignment
When a person commits the crime of assault and battery, the person is charged
with the crime. A person who has been charged with assault and battery is
charged with committing the crime of placing someone in fear of harm and in
actually touching the individual. There is a difference between the crime of
assault and the crime of battery. The crime of assault may occur when someone
does not actually harm the individual. Placing anyone in the position of placing
them in fear of being harmed is enough to be considered assault. The person who
actually touches the other person when placing them in fear of being harmed is
also guilty of the crime known as battery. Often a person is charged with two
crimes at the same time. If a person is convicted of a crime that is considered
a felony, the person is considered to be a felon. A person who has committed a
felony will be sent to a state prison. A person who has been charged with the
crime of assault and battery will be acquitted if the jury finds that the person
is not guilty of the charge. When a person is charged with a crime, that person
has the right to an arraignment. And arraignment is a hearing. At the
arraignment, a person has the right to make a plea. At the time of the plea, the
person may have bail set. If he can meet the financial amount of bail, he may be
set free until the trial. He will pay the bail, which is the amount paid to
promise that he will appear in court. The person who loans the money for bail
and charges a percentage is called a bail bondsman. The charge of assault and
battery results in the person having to have a criminal trial.

Haw became more anxious, and wondered if he really wanted to go out into the
maze. He wrote a saying on the wall ahead of him, and stared at it for some
time: "What would you do if you weren't afraid?". He thought about it. He knew
sometimes some fear can be good. When you are afraid, things are going to get
worse if you don't do something. It can prompt you into action. But, it is not
good when you are so afraid that it keeps you from doing anything. He looked to
his right to the part of the maze where he had never been, and felt the fear.
Then, he took a deep breath, turned right into the maze, and jogged slowly into
the unknown.

The constitution provides that he must have a speedy trial before a jury. When a
suspect is arrested, the first sign that the suspect is to be treated fairly, is
that the police must tell the suspect what his or her rights are according to
the constitution. After his rights are read, the suspect is allowed to have an
attorney represent him in court. The police are trained to inform the suspect
that he has certain rights that are granted to him or her according to the
constitution of the United States. These constitutional rights are important to
the individual as he proceeds to trial. The constitution provides that there are
a number of rights that the person has before, during, and after the trial. A
person is not to be arrested without cause. There must be a reason for the
arrest. After the person is arrested, the person has the right to remain silent,
and to be represented by an attorney.

---

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Where are your current assets?
	A	My current assets?
	Q	Yes.
	A	I don't have any assets.
	Q	Well, you own a home, right?
	A	No. I don't.
	Q	You don't own the home you are living in?
	A	No.
	Q	Do you pay rent to somebody?
	A	No.
	Q	Did you ever own the home?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Did you sell the house?
	A	No.
	Q	When did you own your home?
	A	I don't recall.
	Q	When did you cease owning your home?
	A	Some time during my incarceration.
	Q	How did that happen?
	A	I don't know.
	Q	What makes you think it happened at all?
	A	I don't know.
	Q	But, you don't know who owns it now?
	A	I believe the court.
	Q	Which court?
	A	I don't know the name of the court.
	Q	Is this something in connection with your personal bankruptcy?
	A	Yes.
	Q	You have no assets at all?
	A	No.
	Q	Do you have bank accounts?
	A	Oh, yes. I have a bank account.
	Q	Where is that?
	A	National Bank.
	Q	When was that account established?
	A	I don't recall.
	Q	After your incarceration?
	A	I don't know.
	Q	Who established the account?
	A	I don't recall.
	Q	You didn't establish the account?
	A	I don't know.
	Q	Is it a joint account with someone else?
	A	I believe so.
	Q	All right. Who was the joint account a joint account with?
	A	Carol Wood.
	Q	Is that a savings account?
	A	No. I don't believe so.
	Q	It is a chequing account?
	A	I think so.
	Q	Do you know the account number?
	A	I don't.
	Q	It is account still active as far as you know?
	A	Yes. It is.
	Q	What is the approximate balance in that chequing account?
	A	$200.
	Q	Do you have any other bank accounts?
	A	No.
	Q	Do you possess anything once owned by Texas Products?
	A	No.
	Q	You have business records, don't you?
	A	Yes. I do.
	Q	And you gave some papers to our messenger, yesterday, didn't you?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Do you have Texas Products records you did not give to the messenger?
	A	I don't think I understand the question.
	Q	Well, you gave some Texas Products records to our messenger?
	A	The requested records, yes.
	Q	Are there any other Texas Products records which you have?
	A	There is a lot of paperwork on the accounts.

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Please let me re-ask the question. You've indicated on the map an area
called XM, which is an area you said you sometimes use in the easement area,
correct?
	A	Correct. Like I said, I don't know how far this line is. This fence
could be five or ten feet on the other side of this line, so I'm not sure.
That's when I was getting back to saying we drove vehicles over here. We've been
driving vehicles over there forever, so I'm not sure if that fence is located
ten feet into this or not.
	Q	Okay. The vehicles were driven to the north of the fence?
	A	That's correct.
	Q	And did you use any of the property to the south of the fence?
	A	Just for occasionally putting materials over there. Not very often.
	Q	When you say "occasionally", what do you mean by that?
	A	Just once in a while, we'd store materials on it.
	Q	By "once in a while", do you mean "once a year"?
	A	No. Once or twice. I'm not sure. I don't recall how many times we used
it.
	Q	And when you stored materials there, would you store them overnight, as
opposed to putting them there during the day and then removing them?
	A	They would be there most likely overnight.
	Q	Do you have any specific recollection of actually storing materials over
there?
	A	Yes. I do.
	Q	And do you have any recollection of what year you did that?
	A	I couldn't tell you dates or times. I mean --
	Q	So, if I understand, then, correct me if I'm wrong, the area, XM, you
have a recollection of storing some materials there occasionally?
	A	Occasionally, yes.
	Q	But, you don't have recollection of when?
	A	No. I do not.
	Q	The area XT, you've used that space, which is the same space you use
today, correct?
	A	That's correct.
	Q	And that area that is at the end of the arrow, why don't you put an "A"
at the end of the arrow?
	A	Okay.
	Q	The arrow direction "A" is a portion you turned trucks around in, and do
today. Is that correct?
	A	Actually, yes. Most of the time they pull all of the way up to the end,
and then back into the yard. That way they can pull right out of here, instead
of having to pull out on Rancho.
	Q	And do you have a recollection of how long they've done that?
	A	They've done it for a long time.
	Q	Do you have any recollection for how long?
	A	We've been using that back area out there going up the hill and over
there on this property for a long time.
