When you will, be able, if you or you are, have you, there is, so much, we are,
if you have, from you

We are sending this email to see when you will be able to send your manuscript.
If you are having problems, let us know. We haven't heard from your co-author.
Have you? Is he still working on chapters 10 through 35? He had only completed
three chapters when we last spoke with him. There is so much writing to do that
we are very concerned. If you have any time, please contact your editors. They
had hoped to hear from you before September 23rd.

offer, mover, cover, fever, safer, lover, deliver, louver, maneuver, liver,
quiver, reefer

The offer was refused.
Did you offer him the job?
The mover broke my vase.
Is the cover on the bed?
The story was a cover up.
Do you have a fever?
Dee has the chills and a fever.
You will be safer if you stay here.
Is building 1100 safer than building 1200?
He is a lover, not a fighter.
My grandfather is a lover of fine wine.
Please deliver the package before Friday.
Did Mr. Potts deliver the address labels?
The metal louver on the window is broken.
The louver is open.
How did you maneuver all around these obstacles?
He will try to maneuver his way out of this situation.
The liver was delicious.
The liver was overcooked.
The arrow quiver was caught in the tree.
There was a reefer found underneath the front seat.

2', 2 1/10", 16 5/6', 9 1/4", 10', 5 3/5", 14', autopsy

The autopsy report supplied the following information about the unidentified
male Caucasian found in an abandoned car on August 17th, 2010. His height was 6
feet, 2 inches. His chest measured 42 inches. His waist measurement was 36
inches. His neck measurement was 16 and a half inches. His wrist measurement was
7 and 1/4 inches. The circumference of his head was 23 and a half inches. The
foot measurement was 11 inches.

Is Rod capable and able to win the race?
The twins are double trouble.
The cable belongs to Mr. Grable.
Is the statement both audible and plausible?
The table is near the stable.
The label had a bubble in it.
The caves were full of leaves.
Sam lives near the beehives.
The wives were the chefs.
The knives were used to cut the loaves of bread.
Brian always dives into the waves.
Sid drives over the grooves in the road.
Were you engaged when you were paged by Ian?
The damaged wig was charged to Jem.
The caged bird staged a show.
Ian binged and gorged himself, and then purged.
The enlarged photo was changed into a poster.
We arranged the schedule.

Don't blow the coals.
He broke the new code.
He rode his moped home.
Pop worships the pope.
A cop has to cope well.
They drove to the cove.
You dole out the coal.
His goal is too low.
Can you hold your own?
The stone rolled over.
Rover caught the bone.
He bought a snow cone.
Phone us from his home.
He has grown wild oats.
Fold the old gold robe.
They drove slowly home.
That soap is foaming.
My old dope was stolen.

Beechwood Village: 1,324
Bellefonte: 885
Bellemeade: 865
Bellevue: 5,950
Bellewood: 321
Benham: 500
Benton: 4,349
Berea: 13,561
Berry: 264

---

caveat emptor, caveat venditor, de facto, de jure

Caveat emptor means "let the buyer beware". When a person buys a product at his
own risk, caveat emptor applies. In caveat venditor, the purchaser must be
protected from buying SPHAEUBS mistakes made by the seller. Caveat venditor
means "let the seller beware". De facto means "existing in fact", as
distinguished from "existing in right". A de facto corporation exists in fact,
but has not met all the requirements of the law. To be in total compliance with
the law in all respects, is to be de jure. De jure means "valid or legitment".
Caveat emptor may be subject to modification when a warranty is involved. A
de facto corporation is not a legal entity.

For over 200 years, the railroads have played an integral part in the movement
of the United States. In 1804, the first steam locomotive that ran on rails was
developed. The first American railway to be used was the Delaware and Hudson
Canal Company Railroad. This pioneer railroad was used to haul coal. In 1830,
the first daily train service operated on the South Carolina Railroad. From
these early beginnings, expansion was rapid. Railroads were used to haul freight
and passengers. After the Civil War in 1869, railroad tracks were built westward
from Omaha, Nebraska, and eastward from Sacramento, California. The tracks were
united at Promontory, Utah. Railroad expansion has continued to grow since that
time. With the development of modern steam locomotives, the railroad can provide
a fast and inexpensive mode of transportation.

However, the state introduced a letter that he had written while he was in jail,
in which he referred to the other party's statement. The statement itself tends
to show that Paul Cross was aware of what was going on. In addition, there was
evidence that he received some of the stolen money. The defendant's intent may
be inferred from his conduct, and a fair inference of criminal intent can be
raised from his statement. To be sure, much of the evidence in this case was
indirect, but this kind of evidence may be enough to support a conviction. The
trier of the facts may not indulge in conclusions that are unsupported by any
evidence, but the facts in this case show not only a verbal act of aiding in the
commission of the crime, but also the physical act in sharing in the proceeds of
the crime. The trial judge could disbelieve Paul Cross's version. The facts in
this case were sufficient to support a conviction on the theory of party to a
crime. Paul Cross's claim of innocence is not consistent with the facts that the
trial judge was entitled to believe.

His arms were severed in a terrible farm accident, John Thompson saved his own
life. Now overcoming fear and pain, he's learning how to live it again.

In his family's modest North Dakota farmhouse, John Thompson wanders from the
kitchen to the living room and back, his tiny toy poodle, Tinker, barking
playfully at his feet. "You think you're real cute, don't you?", John says, with
a laugh. Then, coaxing the dog on to his lap, his arms hanging rigid at his
sides, John uses a knee to lift Tinker up to his face. Rubbing his nose in the
poodle's soft fur, he says quietly "It's the only way I can feel him". That John
can feel Tinker at all is, by all accounts, a mere miracle. Four months ago, he
survived a nightmarish accident in which both his arms were torn from his body.
The arms were reattached eight hours later, but John's ordeal was far from over.
Though doctors say that feeling will gradually return to his fingers, the
teenager lives with constant frustration because his fragile, slow healing arms
will not obey his will. He is beginning to come to terms with the physical and
psychological scars. Enduring the frustrations of rehab, and even testing the
subtle perils of sudden celebrity. Thus far, he has struggled with impressive
success. "The human soul needs heroes", says Dr. Alan Van Beak, John's surgeon,
"and John meets the bill". John's appointment with this all began about 11:30
a.m., on January 11th, when he was shoveling barley from his father's Ford
pickup, into the auger, a device commonly used on farms to use grain into
feeding bins. As he recalls, he jumped off the pickup, slipped on a patch of
ice, tripped on the auger, and fell on to the power take off, a swiftly rotating
shaft connected from a tractor to the auger. In a split second, the PTO tugged
one arm, then the other into its rapidly spinning blades, flinging John around
and around. "The next thing I knew, I was lying on the ground", he says,
"I couldn't feel my left arm. I couldn't see my right arm. I went to pick myself
up and my arms were gone." Since his parents were in Bismarck, 90 miles away,
John knew no one could hear, even if he screamed. "I thought I was going to die,
and I didn't want to die". A cool head was his only hope for survival. He rushed
400 feet to the sliding glass door in the back of the house, tried in vein to
use the bone dangling from his left shoulder to nudge it open. And then, blood
oozing from the stumps of both arms, ran to the front door, kicked it open, and
made his way to his cell phone. Using a pen clenched in his teeth, he pecked out
his uncle's number, and asked his cousin to send for help. Finally, concerned
about getting blood on his mother's carpet, he walked to the bathroom, kicked
aside the shower curtain, and sank, crying, into the bathtub, where he waited
alone, but for the company of Tinker, until help arrived. By 6:30 p.m., an air
ambulance had delivered Thompson to North Memorial Medical Center, near
Minneapolis, where a micro surgery team reattached the limbs that John, despite
the loss of half his body's blood, had thought to remind the local ambulance
crew to retrieve. Then, as now, John dismisses any notion of heroism. "You do
what you have to do", he said at the time, propped in a hospital bed, with no
idea what the future might offer. "I'm trying to figure out how I'll finish high
school, if I can drive again". Today, less than three months after John returned
from hospital to his family's 1600 acre farm on the outskirts of Hurdsfield,
North Dakota, the 18-year-old high school senior has already found answers to
many of his questions. With the help of a specially equipped 2012 Honda Accord,
sold to him at cost by a local dealer, John can, in fact, drive again. With his
left hand secured in a customised steering device. Speeding along a road to
school, in the shiny black Accord, John marvels at the attention he's received,
and the money. Admirers have sent some $600,000 in donations for his future. His
medical bills are covered by the family's insurance. "My life is so much better
than it's ever been", he says, still reveling in his newfound fame. "It's hard
to explain, but there are more possibilities. The world seems more open to me."
Best of all, on May 17, he graduated with his classmates from Bowdon High
School.

marriage, co-habit, matrimony, marital, separation, maintenance, annulment,
common law, alimony, palimony, agreement, spouse, conciliation, divorce,
dissolution

The marriage relation between husband and wife is called matrimony. A valid
marriage is performed by an authorised public official. A common law marriage is
created when a man and woman co-habit as husband and wife. Palimony laws are in
existence in many states were common law marriages are no longer recognised.
Annulment treats a marriage as if it never existed. An agreement by a husband
and wife to live separately, and still remain married, is a separation. The
actual termination of a marriage by divorce is called a dissolution. Grounds for
divorce vary from state to state. Conciliation procedures are an attempt to
revolve marital conflicts. Alimony is the provision for support and maintenance
of a spouse.

---

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	When you first saw him there, could you tell if he had blood on him?
	A	No.
	Q	So you held the door open, and let him hop in?
	A	Yes.
	Q	How long were you inside, telling people that Daniel was being attacked?
	A	Like, in between 30 seconds and a minute.
	Q	Who did you tell?
	A	My mom, and Jessica.
	MR. STPHAO:  Who is Jessica?
	THE WITNESS:  My sister.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	What did they do when you told them?
	A	They went -- they ran into the family room and -- just waited until
Daniel came in. Until he hopped into all the way. And when he came, the neighbor
came from across the street and wrapped a towel around minimum.
	THE COURT:  Hold on. When you told your mom and sister Jessica that Daniel
was being attacked, where were they?
	THE WITNESS:  They were in the kitchen making dinner.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	So Daniel hopped in?
	A	Yes.
	Q	You held the door for him?
	A	Yes.
	Q	After he hopped in what did you do?
	A	I -- I went back into the kitchen, and sat down on a chair, and just
watched.
	Q	Were you crying?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Why were you crying?
	A	I don't know.
	Q	Was Daniel crying?
	A	Yes.
	Q	What about Josh? Where was Josh?
	A	Josh was coming in through the door.
	Q	And a neighbour came in?
	A	Yes.
	THE COURT:  Who was the neighbour?
	THE WITNESS:  I don't know.
	THE COURT:  Do you know the neighbour's name?
	THE WITNESS:  No.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	What did the neighbour do?
	A	He wrapped a towel around Daniel's leg.
	Q	Did he wrap a towel around Daniel's leg or around the outside of
Daniel's blue jeans?
	A	Around his leg.
	Q	Had someone taken off Daniel's blue jeans?
	A	No. He just pulled up -- he just pulled them up.
	Q	Can you tell me about the neighbour? Was it a man or a woman?
	A	Man.
	Q	Do you know his name?
	A	No.
	THE COURT:  Can you tell us anything about him? Was he black or Mexican or
white or oriental?
	THE WITNESS:  Mexican.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Do you know where he lived?
	A	Yes. Across the street.
	Q	Did he have any kids?
	A	I don't know.
	Q	Did he have a dog?
	A	I don't know.
	Q	Do you know who that man is?
	A	No.
	MR. STPHAO:  Was he tall or short.
	THE WITNESS:  He was tall.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Did he bring the towel with him, or did he get it at your house?
	A	At our house.
	Q	Do you remember what the man did in addition to wrapping it around
Daniel's leg?
	A	No.
	Q	Did the man say anything?
	A	I don't know.
	Q	Did he talk to your mom?
	A	I think so.
	Q	Do you remember what he said?
	A	No.
	Q	Do you remember what your mom said?
	A	No.

corporation, judgments, satisfactions, additional

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Do you have judgments against any of these corporations?
	A	No.
	Q	Do you have judgments against any individuals that were associated with
these corporations in any way?
	A	No. Not other than the two I have listed now.
	Q	Now, have these two judgments been satisfied in whole or in part?
	A	Satisfactions of judgment, in full, have been filed.
	Q	Both judgments?
	A	Both judgments.
	Q	Now, as to the first action you mentioned. Is that the satisfaction of
judgment coming from the money that is in dispute in this action?
	A	It is my understanding it is. Yes, sir.
	Q	And then there was a partial satisfaction in the second action you have
mentioned, also involving these same funds. Is that correct?
	A	That is my understanding. Yes.
	Q	Now, other than the monies that are involved in this action, how did you
obtain satisfaction of judgment in this second action? How do you obtain the
$10,000?
	A	I did not obtain any additional money. The debt owed to me had been
satisfied. So, I filed a satisfaction of judgment to clear the record.
	Q	What person or entities satisfied the portion of the judgment that is
not involved in this action?
	A	As I said, there was no additional money paid.
	Q	There was no additional money paid to you?
	A	That is right.
	Q	You never received any more than the $3,000?
	A	That is correct.

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	What did he respond?
	A	He stated "Yes, sir".
	Q	Did you ask him anything after that?
	A	Yes, sir. I asked him with these rights in mind, if he was willing to
talk about the case.
	Q	What did he say?
	A	"Yes, sir".
	Q	Did you make any threats to him at this time?
	MR. EUFPLT:  Objection. Calls for a conclusion.
	THE WITNESS:  No, sir.
	THE COURT:  Overruled.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Did you suggest to him that things may go better for him if he were to
make certain statements to you?
	A	No, sir.
	Q	What did you discuss with Mr. Herren?
	A	I advised Mr. Herren that he had been arrested on suspicion of armed
robbery. I explained to him that when I spoke with him -- when I spoke to him
about robbery -- I was speaking about the robbery of a Stop and Go market at
1827 West La Palma, Anaheim, earlier that evening.

---

BY MS. SCHOLBERT:
	Q	You said your right knee is hurting lately because of the weather. Can
you explain?
	A	Honestly, when it gets cold, I feel a little pain. That's all.
	Q	As you're working right now at Red Robin, are you -- are you still
having pain in your right knee?
	A	Just a little bit. Yes, a little. It's just a little bit of pain.
	Q	Has that pain gotten worse? Is it the same? Or, is it less?
	MR. FENTER:  Objection. Wait, wait, I'm speaking. What time frame are you
referring to? When he's working at this restaurant? During that time, if it has
gotten worse?
	MS. SCHOLBERT:  As he's working at his current employment.
	MR. FENTER:  So, you're saying because of the work, that it's worse?
	MS. SCHOLBERT:  Let me ask, counselor, again.
BY MS. SCHOLBERT:
	Q	With your current employment right now at Red Robin, do you feel that
the pain in your right knee is getting worse, or is it about the same, or is it
getting better?
	MR. FENTER:  Objection. It's vague and ambiguous as to with the current
employment. I don't know what it means. Are you referring to causation because
of the work he's doing, or during the time frame that he's working there?
	MS. SCHOLBERT:  Counsel, let's go off the record.
	MR. FENTER:  I don't know how anybody can answer it without knowing.
	MS. SCHOLBERT:  Causation is something for the medical or legal to
determine. We're not here to decide that.
	MR. FENTER:  You're asking him about it anyway.
	MS. SCHOLBERT:  I'm asking him about how his knee is.
	MR. FENTER:  You're asking for a medical opinion. So, are you saying that
during the time he worked at this restaurant whether his knee pain got worse?
	MS. SCHOLBERT:  That's what my question was -- very on the record, I
believe. Can you go back and read my question back, court reporter. I'm sorry.
	MR. FENTER:  He's asking about the current employment, okay?
	THE WITNESS:  It's not the same. It's just when it gets cold. That's when it
bothers me the most. It's like the ligaments when my -- when I walk, my knee
feels like -- like this.
BY MS. SCHOLBERT:
	Q	Do you have auto insurance?
	A	No. I don't.
	Q	Do you currently own a vehicle?
	A	No. I don't have one.
	Q	Do you drive?
	A	Not now, I don't.
	Q	When did you stop driving? Do you remember?
	A	It was in 2011.
	Q	Why was that? Is there a reason?
	A	Because I had a ticket for a red light, and my license was suspended.
	Q	Have you ever been in any automobile accidents? Either before or after
the worker's compensation injury we are discussing here today?
	A	Yes. I have.
