to go, to the, in the, for the, I can, very many, if I, could have, what is,
when is, would have, if you

We plan to go to the mountains for the weekend. Are there very many rentals
available in the area. Maybe I can make reservations in advance. If I could have
your lodging directory, I can check what is available. When is the lake open to
the public? It would have been nice if you could have taken the trip, too.

quality, profanity, locality, quantity, priority, legality, activity, celebrity,
vicinity, city, majority, utility

What city do you live in? Will the city council meet tonight? Josh is a
celebrity in his hometown. Tell me the locality of the accident. What is the
exact locality of the loading strip? Do you live in the vicinity of City Hall?
Were you riding your bicycle in the vicinity of the park? He uses a lot of
profanity. The case involves the use of a great deal of profanity. Can you
certify the legality of this document? Do you question the legality of that
instrument? Are you interested in the quality of the product? Mike is in charge
of quality control. My utility bills are very high. The utility companies are
monopolies. Give this job first priority. What is your first priority? The
majority of the testimony is completed. Did the majority of the population vote
against the plan? What outdoor activity to you enjoy the most? Do you have to
restrict your physical activity? Is the quantity of rugs what you ordered? Did
you verify the quantity of books that the library loaned to East High School?

Adairville: 852
Albany: 2,033
Alexandria: 8,477
Allen: 193
Allensville: 189
Anchorage: 2,408
Arlington: 324
Ashland: 21,684
Auburn: 1,340
Audubon Park: 1,473
Bancroft: 494
Augusta: 1,190
Bardstown: 11,700
Bardwell: 723
Barlow: 675
Beattyville: 1,307
Beaver Dam: 3,409
Bedford: 599

Brian brought a loaf of bread. The brown brushes belong to Brett. On Tuesday,
are we meeting for breakfast or brunch? The British fleet sails for Britain on
Wednesday. The bracelet and the bracket are made of brass. We drove the car to
the end of the driveway. Sam dragged the drum to the dump. Sally dreamed about
the dress. Ellen dropped the drink on the drill. The druggist sent his drip-dry
jacket to the dry cleaners. The dreadful drizzle continued to cause the boat to
drift. The coach will reach a decision on Friday. Was the hitching post one inch
above the branch? For lunch, we had a sandwich and a bunch of grapes. The quiche
was much too rich. The witch watched the man attach the chain to the latch. The
matches belonged to Mitch.

---

Don't Sweat The Small Stuff
Don't interrupt others, or finish their sentences.
It wasn't until a few years ago that I realised how often I interrupted others
and/or finished their sentences. Shortly thereafter, I also realised how
destructive this habit was. Not only to the respect and love I received from
others, but also for the tremendous amount of energy it takes to try to be in
two heads at once. Think about it for a moment. When you hurry someone along,
interrupt someone, or finish his or her sentence, you have to keep track not
only of your own thoughts, but of the person you are interrupting as well. This
tendency, which, by the way, is extremely common in busy people, encourages both
parties to speed up their speech and their thinking. This, in turn, makes both
people nervous, irritable, and annoyed. It's downright exhausting. It's also the
cause of many arguments because if there's one thing almost everyone resents,
it's someone who doesn't listen to what they are saying. And how can you really
listen to what someone is saying when you are speaking for that person. Once you
begin noticing yourself interrupting others, you'll see that this insidious
tendency is nothing more than an innocent habit that has become invisible to
you. This is good news because it means that all you really have to do is to
begin catching yourself when you forget. Remind yourself before a conversation
begins, if possible, to be patient, and wait. Tell yourself to allow the other
person to finish speaking before you take your turn. You'll notice right away
how much the interactions with the people in your life will improve as a direct
result of this simple act. The people you communicate with will feel much more
relaxed around you when they feel heard and listened to. You'll also notice how
much more relaxed you will feel when you stop interrupting others. Your heart
and pulse rates will slow down, and you'll begin to enjoy your conversations,
rather than rush through them. This is an easy way to become a more relaxed,
loving person.

illegal, criminal, rightful, robbery, property, intention, admission,
confession, larceny, denial, voluntary, possession, ownership, defense,
accusation

The illegal taking and carrying away of the personal property of another with no
intention of returning the property to its rightful owner is called larceny.
Robbery is the taking of the property in the presence of its owner with no
intention of returning it. Ownership is legal title to property. Possession is
the physical control of property. Criminal intent is necessary for a person to
be found guilty of a crime. A confession is a voluntary statement offered by a
person admitting involvement in a crime. An admission is not a confession.
Defense is the denial of the accusation.

Never Turn Your Back: Don't Fool With Mother Nature. A Moment's Carelessness Can
Cost You Your Life
Americans have always had an ambivalent attitude toward the out of doors. The
earliest settlers viewed the wilderness as a kind of savage beast that had to be
beaten back and subdued. Today, we lap up reports of bear attacks, snake bites,
violent weather, and natural disasters. We still fear the forces of nature. I
think that much of our fear is misplaced. As a sportsman for thirty-plus years,
and a survivor of some very close scrapes, it is not the wild world I fear, but,
rather, my own temerity. One of my first lessons in humility occurred on the
Delaware River when I was a teenager. My companions and I were fishing on a
sunny May day from a canoe, on a deceptively smooth drift that brought us close
to an inviting tree-lined bank. We all grabbed our rods and concentrated on the
fish, rather than on where the canoe was going. Suddenly, a tree limb appeared
at chest level. Instinctively, foolishly, the three of us grabbed for it. The
current swept the canoe out from under us, leaving us clinging to the limb, neck
deep in icy water. I can still remember how frighteningly powerful the water
was. How it tugged and tore at us, trying to break our hold on that tree. We
made it to shore, hand over handing the length of the limb. When we found the
canoe, it was wrapped around a rock. We needed a block and tackle to pry it free
of the river's strong grip. Although I have since made it a practice always to
have someone on the oars, or a paddle when floating any river in any kind of
boat. Lapses in judgment that turn into big trouble can take many other forms. I
was once surf casting on Mexico's West Coast. The surf was up. It wasn't angry
water, just fine. Breaking waves that had lured a school of fish close to shore
to feed on the mullet in the wave wash. I was getting nearly a strike per cast,
and had just lost a big yellowfin corvina that broke off. Taking my lure, I was
too excited to waste time wading back to shore to tie on a new lure. Instead, I
simply turned my back to the surf, clamped my rod butt between my knees, and
knotted a new lure to my line right there. The wave that hit me was bigger that
any I had seen that afternoon. It slammed me into the sand, and rolled me like a
ragdoll toward the beach. Then, it began to drag me seaward, as my waders
ballooned in the undertow. While the huge wave retreated from the beach, it
sucked enough water back to sea, so that I could find my footing, and stand in
thigh-deep water. The weight of the water in my waders anchored my feet to the
sand. Once the strong undertow subsided, I managed to go back up on to the
beach. Another failure to recognise potential disaster almost cost me my wife.
We were hunting for broadbills in the great south bay off Long Island, New York,
a form of waterfowling, where you shoot over decoys from a low profile boat, a
scooter anchored well off shore. The best hunting takes place during bitter cold
weather, when the bays ice up. Pockets of ice-free water open up in the mantle
of ice, and broadbills are drawn to them like chickens to cracked corn. Because
it is such a cold sport, it is customary for one person to man the scooter while
the other keeps warm in a nearby car. I'd just done my turn in the rig, and as
we changed places in the tender, I told Jen that I would run to town for some
hot soup and coffee. It was a sunny, calm day, with temperatures in the low 20s.
Every sign pointed toward stable ice, but when I returned 10 minutes later,
my knees buckled. Inexplicably, the ice had broken loose from the shore, and was
drifting toward Fire Island, some four miles away. The scooter, decoys, and Jen
were caught up in its leading edge. Although the scooter was equipped with oars,
Jen found that rowing into the ice sheet was impossible. She tried to break ice
in front of the bow, then paddle a few feet forward, but the oncoming ice would
meet the boat before it made any headway. I jumped into the tender, and held my
breath. I had no idea if the 5 horse outboard had enough power to break a path
to the scooter, or, enough reserve to get us both back to shore. The motor
raced, kicking up a rooster tail of spray. The boat inched forward, the soft
salt ice buckling under it. I got a line to the scooter, bid farewell to the
decoys, and kissed both the sand and Jen when we got ashore. People don't
deliberately set out to freeze or drown, or slide off steep trails, but things
happen all the time. Every autumn there are stories of sportsmen who leave home
unprepared for sudden changes in the weather, and fall victim to exposure. Every
spring and summer, easily avoidable boating accidents claim lives, and fishermen
are swept away from a combination of currents, and slippery rocks, and a
moment's carelessness. Does this mean we should fear the outdoors? Of course
not, but it does mean we should never fail to respect it. If we always keep in
mind the human capacity to get into trouble by failing to think ahead, we will
never, through arrogance, turn our backs on nature's awesome potential.

---

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	You mean a nine-year-old boy?
	A	You say he's nine. He's twelve. He's either twelve or thirteen now.
	Q	Do you know what school he is enroled in?
	A	He isn't in school.
	Q	What school is he supposed to be in?
	A	Well, he was supposed to be in San Fernando Middle School. I believe he
was supposed to have been in there.
	MR. EUFPLT:  How would he get there?
	THE WITNESS:  How would he get there? It would be by bus.
	MR. EUFPLT:  Is there a bus that comes up to your property, where you live
now?
	THE WITNESS:  His mother lived all over the area. His mother used to live on
Walnut. Then she moved to another place.
	THE COURT:  So you don't know?
	THE WITNESS:  I don't know. She doesn't say where she goes for some reason.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	You were just taking care of him?
	A	That's right. He needs someone to mother and father him.
	Q	I see. You were sort of like an informal foster parent?
	A	Right. He loved horses. When the kid got out of hand, you know, they all
go through that.
	Q	Was there anything in particular that might have caused the breach
between you and Brian?
	A	No.
	Q	Just a culmination of things?
	A	Yes. I just felt that he should go home, you know.
	Q	You mentioned that he had a reputation for being a story teller.
	A	Yes. He does tell tales.

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	You have had occasion to go over this testimony with various law
enforcement agents, haven't you?
	A	Yes. I have.
	Q	Has it been pointed out to you that what you said at that time had to be
false because the Holiday Inn didn't open until February of 2015?
	A	I don't remember that.
	Q	So, what you told the court and jury in the Federal case, as to time,
was false, wasn't it?
	A	I could have made a mistake, but it wasn't false.
	Q	And you have a vivid memory at least. You pretended to in front of the
jury?
	A	Yes. I did.
	Q	Well now. Going on beyond that point for a moment, were you always sure
that this book making operation was active in 2014 or earlier?
	A	It was in 2014 or earlier, yes.
	MR. EUFPLT:  Well, did you ever think it was earlier?
	THE WITNESS:  No. It wasn't. I am sure it wasn't later.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Did you ever think it was 2015?
	A	No. It wasn't 2015.
	Q	I know. But you said it was 2015 on another occasion, didn't you?
	A	I said approximately, at that time. I wasn't sure about that.
	Q	Well, you have always been clear on the fact that you went to work at
the betting window at the Santa Fe racetrack in October 2014?
	A	That is correct.
	Q	Well now. This matter involving trafficking of narcotics took place at
an earlier time. Is that true?
	A	I don't remember that.
	Q	Well, let's continue. You have been convicted of a felony of bookmaking
yourself, have you not?
	A	Yes. I received an unconditional pardon.
	Q	Before the pardon, you were sentenced to the Nevada state prison,
outside Las Vegas. Is that right?
	A	That's true.
	THE COURT:  Did you serve time?
	THE WITNESS:  Yes. I did.
	THE COURT:  What was the nature of the bookmaking operation of which you
were convicted?
	THE WITNESS:  It was an operation that involved thousands of dollars.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Where was the operation?
	A	In the Club Reno, in downtown Las Vegas.
	Q	Now, the reason I ask you about that, is that you swore three months ago
in Federal Court, that you were never a bookmaker, didn't you?
	A	That's correct.
	Q	Okay. Let me ask you how you reconcile, in your mind, this statement you
made to the grand jury in this case: "I was the biggest bookmaker in Nevada".
	A	I said that.
	Q	Now, earlier in Federal Court, you had been convicted of selling
narcotics, hadn't you?
	A	It was painkillers containing morphine.
	Q	Then, in 2009, you invented a substance containing narcotics, for doping
horses?
	A	That is not true.
	MR. EUFPLT:  In what year did you receive your pardon?
	THE WITNESS:  2012.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Now, to quote directly from the first trial of this case in Federal
Court, when mentioning the pardon to the jury, you said "I was completely
rehabilitated".
	A	I don't remember saying that. No.
	Q	You were pardoned. You never again violated the law. You deserve a
pardon. Is that it?
	A	Yes.
	THE COURT:  Excuse me. What was the year you received the pardon again?
	THE WITNESS:  2012.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Now, within a very short time as you described this morning, you were
passing bribes to public officials, weren't you?
	A	Yes. I was.
	Q	By 2013, you were making large bets, weren't you? $10,000 a day?
	A	I was like $20,000 to $30,000 a day.
	Q	At the same time as you were betting, were you informing the Internal
Revenue Service as to the identity of other bookmakers you did business with?
	A	No. Not necessarily.
	Q	Did you give the names of all the bookmakers?
	A	Most of them. Yes.
	THE COURT:  You said most of them. What does that mean?
	THE WITNESS:  What?
	THE COURT:  Did you withhold information and names?
	THE WITNESS:  No. I did not.

---

	THE COURT:  Let's see what you are referring to. If we look on the back,
there is a date on there.
	MR. WALKER:  He is showing him the same document that you have just showed
him, your Honour.
	MS. HEINZ:  Those, however, are other copies.
	MR. WALKER:  But my point is, this is a deed of trust, and it says, for the
purposes of securing the payment of the debt of one note in the following form.
Then, it shows the form of the note, but that is not the note.
	MS. HEINZ:  Is there another note?
	THE WITNESS:  Yes. You must have it. It's with that paperwork.
BY MS. HEINZ:
	Q	Is it your recollection that the note was written at or about the same
time as the money transferred hands?
	A	As far as I can see, yes.
	Q	Was title to the house moved to the trust at any time?
	A	We are talking about the house being moved?
	Q	That is correct.
	A	That is the big mystery.
	Q	Why is that a mystery?
	A	Because I know as much as you do. I'm sure you'd do the same as I do,
because this is something that same out of the air, that I had no idea what they
were up to.
	Q	Why don't you tell us what happened?
	MR. WALKER:  Object to that question. It's vague and ambiguous. Time, place,
what you are talking about.
	THE COURT:  Sustained. Rephrase your question.
	MS. HEINZ:  All right.
BY MS. HEINZ:
	Q	Was title moved to the trust, title to the house?
	A	I guess it was. I had a document. Why I got the document, I don't know.
	Q	When did you receive the document?
	A	I don't remember.
	Q	Did Randy discuss moving title to the house with you?
	A	I knew nothing until I had received that particular document.
	Q	What did you receive?
	A	I read that the house was transferred to me.
	Q	Was this to you, or to the trust?
	A	It was to the trust. I said to myself "what is this? What is going on?".
I was so confused, and I didn't understand.
	Q	What was it that you received? Was it a deed? What kind of document was
it? Do you know?
	A	I haven't got it with me because I had to turn it over the minute I
received it. I turned it over to Mr. Vale in a big package. My first attorney
was a Mr. Boyd. When I first received a complaint that the house was turned over
to you, not only to myself, but to Mr. Stein, I took both documents, and took it
right over to Mr. Boyd, my former attorney.
