we, it, of, a, an, be, is, on, by, oh, am, so, no, I, the, and, his, for, was,
own, owe, I, one, not, him, its, way, ill, we, it, of, a, an, be, is, as, on,
by, no, I, the, his, for, was, were

may have been, about the, that was, in the, where the, very much, he can, too
many, ask you, if he, that he can
You may have been told about the fire that was started in the state building.
The main question to answer is where the blaze originated. The fire chief is
very much interested in your investigation, and may ask you some questions. If
he contacts you, please be as helpful as possible. There aren't too many experts
like you that he can rely on.

prepare, prearrange, presume, prevent, preside, preserve, preclude, prefer,
present, precede, prejudge, preview

Did you prepare the documents?
Please prepare something to eat.
Who will preside over the meeting?
Did Judge Gardener preside over this morning's proceedings?
The store will preview its new fall line.
We saw the preview showing of the movie.
The medication will prevent headaches.
How can we prevent crime?
Do you prefer red, green, or blue?
I prefer to stay home.
Try not to prejudge the testimony.
The jury should not prejudge the evidence.
Will this preclude you from attending the workshop?
That decision will preclude the winner.
I presume he is innocent.
Do you presume he is guilty?
Does the luncheon precede the meeting?
Do you precede me in line?
Alley will prearrange the party.
Can you preserve the flowers?
We visited the wildlife preserve in Grove County.
How many workers were present at the union meeting last Sunday, June 22, 2007?
Did the candidate present his platform at the political rally at the
convention centre?

6,935,452 20,461,938 11,118,405 34,499,012 1,218,966 13,248,774
The election votes were counted on Friday from precincts 118 and 140.
Precinct 118 had a total of 1,550,992 votes cast. The Republican Party received
1,500,002 votes. The Democratic Party received 55,090 votes. And the Liberal
Party received 900 votes. Precinct 140 had a total of 2,776,305 votes cast. The
Republican Party received 714,200 votes. The Democratic Party received 2,060,091
votes. And the Liberal Party received 2,004 votes.

The reef was wrapped in blue wrapping paper.
The writer wrote a note.
The wrangler broke his wrist.
There was a wrinkle in the paper.
He wrote about the train wreck.
Paul brought the wrong wrench.
Anne took the chance to cheer up her chum.
The chart and the chapters are numbered.
The chairs belong to the children.
Which channel would you like to choose?
The child chased the ball.
Kyle checked the chest and the chamber for Charles.
Joe likes to stack the sticks.
She never looks at her books when she cooks.
Mary makes and bakes cakes.
Dave bikes and hikes on Saturdays.
Jan jokes and takes her time when she shakes the packages.
The mics were moved during the earthquakes.

his gun, is that, his car, is this, his job, is done, as good, as if, as blue,
his hat, is there, as bright, his lid, is quiet, as tall, his cup, is here, as
long
He cleaned his room.
His hair is brown.
His ideas are good.
This book is his.
His test is perfect.
His eyes were shut.
Where is his bike.
What is his age?
Give him his pencil.
Where is his car?
What is his motive?
Is his Dad home now?
What is the time now?
Is this note clear?
His home is in Texas.
Is everyone here now?
Here is his bus now.
Is that all there is?

---

The Comeback Kid
It is 8:30 a.m. a week before graduation, and John, still half asleep, swings
his legs out of bed. On his arms are the supportive splints he wears, even when
he sleeps. "I toss and turn a lot", he explains, "I feel better with my arms
protected". Preparing breakfast in the kitchen, his mother Karen hears John
moving, and is already halfway down the hall when he calls out. It's a reality
John prefers not to dwell on. But, he is absolutely dependent on his mother's
care. Using the strength in his shoulders, John can lift both arms over his
head. He has no useful elbow movement, however, and no hand or wrist control.
Dr. van Beek is hopeful that John will regain feeling in his hands within two
years, but it may well take five years, and several more operations, as well as
intensive therapy, before anyone can know the extent to which John will be able
to move and control his hands. One of van Beek's goals now is to increase John's
elbow movement, but that, too, will require surgery, and long hours of therapy.
In the bathroom next to John's room, Karen attaches a strap just above the wrist
of his left splint. Then, she slides in a hook that John uses to pull his boxer
shorts up and down. A few minutes later, John calls "Mom" again, and within
seconds, Karen is undoing the hook, and replacing it with a second contraption
that holds John's toothbrush. She squeezes on a dab of toothpaste, and closes
the door behind her. "He doesn't like people to watch", says Karen, "I guess I
don't blame him". Privacy, these days, is a rarity for John. He has become
something of a public figure. At a welcome home pot luck dinner held in early
March, days after he returned from the hospital, the tired, weak, teenager took
time to chat with nearly each of the 300 friends and neighbours who packed the
Hurstfield Community Center. "I'm doing great", he repeated between mouthfuls of
baked beans and Jell-o. He has met scores of celebrities, who have visited him
in the hospital. And even had offers to audition as a singer, which is his
lifelong dream, from two recording studios. Says John, "I've never been treated
better", and yet, at times, he tires of the spotlight. "I just want to live my
life", he says. For the third time this morning, John is calling for his mother.
In his bedroom, she dresses him. "I just don't think John realises what he's
facing", she says, after he has left for school. "He doesn't stop to think that
he's totally dependent". As John is first to admit, he has yet to fully absorb
the impact of his disability. "I kind of just ignore the psychological stuff",
he says with a laugh. "I just keep busy, don't think about it". Instead, he
concentrates on what is most important to him: friends, graduation, and his new
car. Speeding down a gravel road, he changes the subject, with a mischievous
grin. "I had sort of a bad reputation before the accident", he says, "I wasn't
that grade A student, and people thought I drove too fast. The little old ladies
in town would shake their fingers at me when I drove by". "Now", he said, "they
pat me on the head". It is a plan his school pals are, for the most part, happy
to aid and abet. He walks among his friends with an air of boyish bravado,
laughing, talking, playing pranks like pushing the girls into a cluster of
shrubs, or nudging his new girlfriend, Shayla Cost, 17, to the edge of her
chair. As best they can, his friends try to make him comfortable. Darnell
Bushmiller, 18, a popular senior who became close to John after the accident, is
careful not to push John too hard. "I don't want to get in John's way, but I
want to help if he needs it. A lot of guys would be embarrassed to be seen
feeding another guy", he adds, "but it doesn't bother me, and it doesn't bother
John". Not a words is spoken about the splints discreetly tucked beneath John's
favourite sweatshirts. "We figure John doesn't want to talk about his problems",
says Kim Fike, 17, a junior, "I'm sure it must be worrying him, what his future
holds, but he never lets on. Not in public, at least". There are moments,
though, when all of this falls away. During rehearsal for the school talent
show, two of John's friends were singing "Meet me in Montana", a duet about
failed dreams, when suddenly, he recalls, he was overcome by sadness. "I don't
even like the song", he says, "but I almost started crying. I went down to the
locker room at the gym, and just sat there. I thought, "what am I doing? What am
I trying to prove?".

premeditate, revenge, degree, arouse, quarrel, homicide, abetter, reflection,
intentional, passion, manslaughter, disposition, felonious, provocation, rashly,
murder, deliberation, offense

The court is going to instruct you that to reduce an intentional felonious
homicide from the offense of murder to manslaughter upon the ground of sudden
quarrel, or heat of passion, the provocation must be of such character and
degree that would naturally excite and arouse passion. The term "heat of
passion" is defined for you as follows: such passion as naturally would be
aroused in the mind of an ordinarily reasonable person of average disposition in
the same or similar circumstances as those in question, and such as would cause
him to act rashly without reflection and deliberation and from passion, rather
than judgment. With that instruction, means is that the defendant cannot set up
his own standard. If he is a quick tempered person, and there is some form of
provocation that leads him to believe that self defense is necessary, it is not
his standard that we judge it by. We judge it by what an ordinarily reasonable
person would do in the same situation. The court will tell you that if there was
a provocation that was of a nature not calculated to naturally arouse such
passion, if an unlawful killing of a human being follows such a provocation and
has all the elements of murder, then the mere fact of slight or remote
provocation will not reduce the offense to manslaughter. What was argued to you
was that Oscar Mullen reached for the knife, and suddenly he felt threatened by
it. This is provocation on the part of Bruce Nixon, and because of Oscar
Mullen's reaction to this, there is a sudden quarrel. A heat of passion takes
over. Mullen didn't premeditate and deliberate. He can't be guilty of murder.
Therefore, Harley Bennett cannot be guilty of murder as an aider and abetter
under these theories. It is our contention that obviously there was no heat of
passion. There may have been a distinct pattern of fear in the mind of Oscar
Mullen, but that is covered by the next instruction. Neither the emotion of fear
of itself, nor the emotion of revenge of itself toward others constitute the
heat of passion referred to in the law. You can have a combination of all of
them, and you can have that or any one of them, but the court tells you that any
one or more of them, meaning fear or revenge may exist in the mind of a person
who acts deliberately.

Don't Sweat The Small Stuff
While many of us frequently do nice things for others, we are almost certain to
mention our acts of kindness to someone else, secretly seeking their approval.
When we share our own niceness or generosity with someone else, it makes us feel
like we are thoughtful people. It reminds us of how nice we are, and how
deserving we are of kindness. While all acts of kindness are inherently
wonderful, there is something even more magical about doing something
thoughtful, but mentioning to no one ever. You always feel good when you give to
others than diluting the positive feelings by telling others about your own
kindness by keeping it to yourself. You get to retain all the positive feelings.
It's really true that one should give for the sake of giving, not to receive
something in return. This is precisely what you are doing when you don't mention
your kindness to others. Your rewards are the feelings that come from the act of
giving. The next time you do something really nice for someone else, keep it to
yourself, and revel in the abundant joy in giving.

---

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Had you ever been over to that man's house?
	A	No.
	Q	Ever visited with maybe his kids or his wife or anyone like that?
	A	No.
	Q	Do you know what kind of car the man drove?
	A	No.
	Q	When your brother ran to the neighbour's, who did your brother, Josh,
run to?
	A	Mandy's.
	Q	Who is Mandy?
	A	Our friend's mum.
	THE COURT:  Your friend's mum.
	THE WITNESS:  Yes.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	What was your friend's name?
	A	Rick.
	Q	So Gladys is Rick's mum?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Did the ambulance come to your house?
	A	Yes.
	Q	What did the people from the ambulance do when they got to your house?
	A	They put Daniel on this little rolling thing, and took him in the
ambulance, and asked my mum if she wanted to ride with him or drive. And my mum
drove.
	Q	Okay. Did she follow the ambulance?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Did you see what the people from the ambulance did for Daniel?
	A	No.
	MR. STPHAO:  Did they give him a shot or anything?
	THE WITNESS:  I don't know.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Where did you go when Daniel went in the ambulance?
	A	I just stayed in the kitchen.
	Q	Did you go over to Mandy's house?
	A	No -- yeah -- I don't know -- I don't know.
	Q	Where did Josh go when the ambulance took your brother away?
	A	I don't know. Me and him either went over there, or we -- or she came
over to our house.
	THE COURT:  If you don't know for sure, you can say "I don't remember".
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	What did your sister, Jessica, do when Daniel went to the hospital?
	A	I don't know.
	Q	Do you know who Mr. Stewart is?
	A	No.
	Q	Do you know who Mrs. Stewart is?
	A	No.
	Q	Do you know who Mr. Todd is? Fred Todd?
	A	No.
	Q	Faye Todd?
	A	No.
	Q	Do you know who Stella Todd is?
	A	No.
	Q	Do you know who Mr. Winters, Kane Winters, is?
	A	No.
	Q	Do you know who Mrs. Amy Winters is?
	A	No.
	Q	Of those six people, do you know if you've ever talked to any of them?
	A	No.
	Q	Now, the dog that ran at your brother, had anybody ever told you to be
careful of that dog?
	A	No.
	Q	Had anyone ever warned you to stay away from that dog?
	A	No.
	THE COURT:  Do you need a break?
	THE WITNESS:  No. I'm okay.
	THE COURT:  Okay. Continue, counsel. If you want to take a break, you just
tell us and we'll stop?
	THE WITNESS:  Okay.
	MR. EUFPLT:  I have nothing further, your Honour.
	THE COURT:  Redirect.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Before Daniel went to the hospital, did you look at his leg?
	A	Yes.
	Q	What did you see?
	A	I saw a bunch of blood.
	Q	What else did you see in addition to blood?
	A	His veins and some meat.
	THE COURT:  What was the last word?
	THE WITNESS:  Meat.
	THE COURT:  His meat?
	THE WITNESS:  Yes. His fat on his leg.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	After Daniel came back from the hospital, were you still awake?
	A	No. I was asleep.
	Q	Did you see Daniel the next day?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Okay. Did he have crutches the next day?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Did he have a cast on?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Did you share a room with Daniel and Josh when you were living at the
house here in California?
	A	Yes.

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Did this friend of yours go over to the club?
	A	Yes, sir.
	MR. EUFPLT:  From 7:30, when you got there, did you stay there all the time
until this occurred?
	THE WITNESS:  Yes.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	What were you doing most of the time that you were at this club?
	A	Playing pool.
	Q	As I understand it, they have a bar and an eating place in front of this
card room and poolroom. Is that the way it was?
	A	A card room and a pool hall.
	THE COURT:  In other words, the place where they played pool, and the card
room was all in one big room, was it?
	THE WITNESS:  Yes.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Did they, at that time, serve anything to drink there on the premises?
	A	Beer is all.
	MR. EUFPLT:  Did you take anything to drink on to the premises with you?
	THE WITNESS:  Yes. I did.
	MR. EUFPLT:  What did you have with you when you went over there?
	THE WITNESS:  Well, I had bought a half a pint of whiskey, and three of us
took a drink out of it.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Was any left?
	A	What was left was in my inside pocket.
	THE COURT:  How much had you had to drink that day before this happened?
	THE WITNESS:  That is all that I had had because I was at home all day, and
I hadn't had another drop.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Had you eaten before you left home?
	A	Yes, sir.
	Q	What time did you leave your house?
	A	I guess it must have been 6:45 or so, because I had to pick up my
friend.

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Mr. Kelly, you are an attendant at the Portland State Hospital, located
in Portland, Maine, are you not?
	A	Yes. I am.
	Q	On June 3, 2007, was a patient by the name of Scott Dalton transferred
to your facility from the Banger State Care facility?
	A	Yes. That is correct.
	Q	Did documentation accompany Mr. Dalton suggesting that he might be
suicidal, or possibly suicidal?
	A	Yes.
