a, account, already, also, always, are, around, ask, between, can, company,
could, did, did he, difficult, doctor, do, end, error, had a, he, I, in,
interest, is, it, legal, letter, new, newspaper, notice, of, on, opinion, order,
oh, plea, police, president, principal, proceed, ready, reason, receipt, record,
regard, result, return, seen, season, she, the, their, they, think, this, to,
under, understood, until, up, upon, we, well, were, what, when, where, who,
will, with, within, without, would, you

8,825
9,724
8,273
3,549
7,713
8,282
1,230
5,490
6,368
2,588
2,490
7,382
9,192
5,248
3,917
8,941
7,263
5,492
9,927
8,384
9,078
22
74
43
38
71
32
56
94
42
85
11
72
53
16
79
25
99
34
38
21
37

---

Evidence presented in this manner is done through what is called testimony.
Testimony consists of the words of the witness, taken down while the witness
is under oath. In addition to testimony as a means of offering evidence to the
court, the attorneys may have any number of different types of exhibits to
use as proof of their positions. Both sides have a right to introduce as many
exhibits as they have that will support their sides. When testimony is entered
into evidence by the plaintiff, that evidence is numbered and referred to as
"people's exhibit" and followed by a number. The exhibits entered into evidence
by the opposing side are referred to as "defence exhibit", often followed by a
letter. During the trial, the witnesses will be called, starting with witnesses
for the state. The state is putting on the case, so the state must prove the
case beyond a reasonable doubt. The state first presents one of its witnesses
and questions the witness under oath. It is up to the state to prove the case
beyond a reasonable doubt. After the state is finished questioning the witness,
the other side is given an opportunity to examine the same witness.

Almost everyone knows something about George Herman Ruth. You probably know him
as Babe: that was his nickname. Babe played for the New York Yankees. He hit
hundreds of home runs. Most people think he was baseball's greatest player.
But, do you know the best thing about Babe Ruth? He saved baseball. He did!
Here's how it happened. The story starts off in 1914: Babe's first year in the
major leagues. Baseball was America's favourite sport. Fans read about games in
newspapers. Kids collected cards of their favourite players. And people filled
ball parks to cheer on their favourite teams. Baseball was Babe's favourite
sport, too. Believe it or not, Babe wasn't always a Yankee. Babe played for the
Boston Red Sox. In those days, Babe was a pitcher, not a hitter. Babe threw
fast. Babe threw strikes. And he almost always won. Pitchers don't play every
day so pitchers don't hit that often. But Babe practiced hitting. He loved to
swing the bat. He loved to hit the ball. And, boy, could Babe hit! In 1915, Babe
hit his first home run. It was against the New York Yankees. He hit it hard. He
hit it high. And, he hit it far. Fans cheered. They had never seen a home run
quite like it. People began to wander: why isn't Babe a hitter. "Babe, get ready
to bat more", said Babe's coach. Babe still had to pitch in some games, but now
he got to play every day. In 1919, Babe hit the most home runs ever: 29. In
every city he played in, people kept track of Babe's home runs. Babe kept track,
too, by carving notches in his bat. And Babe hit at least one home run in every
city he visited.

When the police arrive at the scene of a reported homicide, they will first try
to determine whether that homicide was a murder or whether it was a type of
crime called manslaughter. There is a difference in whether the crime is murder
or whether it is manslaughter. It is important that it be determined whether the
crime is murder or not. If there is a body, it must be determined whether that
body was killed on purpose, in the heat of passion, or killed accidentally. It
is not always easy to determine. The two crimes are different. Once there is a
killing of an individual, it must be determined whether the killing was done on
purpose, or whether it was done accidentally. If a killing was done on purpose,
then it must be determined whether there was any prior planning of the killing.
The key is whether there was any planning involved. It will be up to witnesses
in the trial to present evidence to the jury.

Members of the jury, that is the evidence you will hear in this case.
So, you should have at your chairs -- your seats -- copies of your final
jury instructions. I am going to read those as I did with the preliminary
instructions and you may read along with me or not. As you choose to do
then. It is your duty as a juror to decide this case by applying these jury
instructions to the facts as you determine them. You must follow these jury
instructions. They are the rules you should use to decide this case. It is your
duty to determine what the facts are in the case by determining what actually
happened. Determine the facts only from the evidence produced in court. When
I say evidence, I mean the testimony of witnesses and the exhibits introduced
into court. You should not guess about any fact. You must not be influenced by
sympathy or prejudice. You must not be concerned with any opinion you feel I
have about the facts. You as jurors are the sole judges on what happened. You
must consider all these instructions. Do not pick out one instruction, or part
of one, and ignore the others. As you determine the facts, however, you may find
that some instructions no longer apply. You must then consider the instruction
that do applying together with the facts as you have determined them.

---

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Did you ever work with him?
	A	Yes, I did.
	Q	And did you work as a team when you worked with him?
	A	Yes.
	Q	And was that in trash collection?
	A	Yes.
	Q	And how long approximately did you work with him as a team member?
	A	Approximate four months.
	Q	So as of November 21, you were working with him then. Is that right?
	A	Would you say that again?
	Q	Sure. As of November 21, you were not working with Mr. King as a team
member?
	A	You mean on the day of the accident?
	Q	That's right.
	A	We worked as a team.
	Q	You did work as a team on the day of the accident?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Were you in the vehicle he was in at the time of this accident?
	A	No, I wasn't.
	Q	You were in a different vehicle. Is that right?
	A	Yes.
	Q	All right. Have you ever seen Mr. King socially?
	A	No.
	Q	Did you ever go out to dinner or go out and have a drink together or meet at
his home or anything?
	A	No.
	Q	When was the last time you saw Joe King?
	A	I am not sure. He transferred to a different yard. He was working with me in
my section but he transferred about two months ago.
	Q	You haven't seen him for the last two months?
	A	No, I haven't.
	Q	Have you ever talked to him within the last two months?
	A	No, I haven't.
	Q	You do not personally see Mr. King on a social basis. Is that correct?
	A	That is correct.
	Q	You never have. Is that correct?
	A	Never have.
	Q	All right. Do you have a friend or acquaintance that does meet with Mr. King
on a social basis?
	A	Well, I am a supervisor and I know a lot of people. I don't know who they
meet on a social basis.
	Q	But do you know of anyone in particular -- can you give me the name of
anyone that you know who meets with Mr. King on a social basis?
	A	No.
	Q	You were not Mr. King's supervisor on the date of this accident, were you?
	A	No.
	Q	Did you ever talk with Joe King at any time after the accident about the
accident?
	A	I asked him about the accident, sure.
	Q	Okay. Do you remember the first time you asked him about the accident?
	A	The first time I saw him, I suppose. I guess it was as soon as he got to the
yard.
	Q	Would that be the day of the accident? You said you asked him about it. Is
that right?
	A	Yes.
	Q	What do you mean by that? What did you ask him specifically?
	A	I wanted to know what did happen, you know.
	Q	You did not personally see the accident?
	A	I saw the accident.
	Q	You did see the accident?
	A	I knew it was an accident.
	Q	You knew it was an accident?
	A	Right.
	Q	Did you actually see the two vehicles involved in this accident collide?
	A	Yes, I did.
	Q	How many times have you discussed this accident with Mr. King?
	A	Once.

	THE COURT:  Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Juror number 12, was it the
line again coming into the courthouse?
	THE WITNESS:  Actually, it was just the traffic this time.
	THE COURT:  Traffic this time. Okay. Vehicular traffic this time?
	THE WITNESS:  Vehicular. The line was empty down there.
	THE COURT:  And the freeway picked this morning to slow you up? It would be
better when the line is -- we're back on the record. In the case of people
versus John Smith, this is case number TA-123456. Mr. Smith is present with Mr.
Yamamoto. Mr. Jackson is present representing the people. The jurors and
alternate jurors are present.

---

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Okay. Have you ever been convicted of a felony?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Can you tell me what that felony was?
	A	Strong-arm robbery.
	Q	And when did that occur?
	A	'94.
	Q	And where did that occur?
	A	San Marcos.
	Q	Did you serve time?
	A	Yes.
	Q	How much time and where?
	A	I was five years in Chowchilla.
	Q	So your sentence was five years. How much time did you actually serve?
	A	Two and a half.
	Q	Can you tell me the details of the strong-arm robbery in brief?
	A	I was -- I was accessory to the crime due to the fact that my boyfriend did
the crime and I was present.
	Q	And was this a strong-arm robbery of a home or a business?
	A	No, it was just an individual.
	Q	An individual on the street?
	A	Correct.
	Q	Or --
	A	A friend of my boyfriend's.
	Q	So who was the person that was robbed?
	A	I don't remember.
	Q	Okay. And why did you serve only two and a half years of your five year
sentence?
	A	Because state -- that's how the state correctional facility works.
	Q	Can you explain what you mean by "how it works"?
	A	So, they give you a sentence --
	Q	Uh-huh.
	A	For your -- if you're just an intermediate inmate, they will give you
half-time. So if they give you ten years, you'll serve five.
	Q	Okay?
	A	So, I think it's a -- it's a percentage that the state calculates for their
system.
	Q	And how long were you -- were you on parole afterward?
	A	Excuse me?
	Q	Were you on parole after you were released from prison?
	A	Correct.
	Q	How long were you on parole?
	A	13 months.
	Q	And where did this happen?
	A	Where did the crime take place?
	Q	Yes, where did the crime take place?
	A	Escondido.
	Q	In the city of Escondido?
	A	Correct.
	Q	Where specifically?
	A	North San Diego County.
	Q	Okay. So that's San Diego County. And that was the San Diego County criminal
court system?
	A	Yes.
