The thug hurt his leg on a log.
Peg is a real hag.
Read the tags on the rug and the wig.
Steve loved to rove in the cove.
Kim was alive when I arrived.
Stan landed the plane.
Nancy co-signed for the loan.
A tan car turned in the lane.

Chuck and Charles were cheating.
Was the China chipped?
The child chattered.
Who was at the wheel?
What happened while you were there?
Was the whole wall white?
We sell whiskey wholesale.
Will is a whiz.
Where is the written copy?
She hurt her wrist in the wreck.

8 1 4 6 4 1 5 9 2 7 9 3 8 0 6 21 96 30 38 19 93 19 67 22 35 81 76 78 991 476
984 881 735 699 22 567 119 693 419 138 330 196 321 5,678 1,991 1,974 9,476 1,984
3,881 7,699 2,735 8,567 2,196 4,321

Try everything once.
Win the Nobel Peace Prize.
Play with the Chicago Bulls.
Have my letter to the editor published.
Design, build, and decorate my dream house.
Milk a cow.
Load new software without having to call tech support.

---

Values and value.
Because it's more than an affordable getaway from a bottom line perspective.
Camping puts our values in clearer focus by showing us how little we really
need to be happy. Starry skies, camp cuisine. Because camping is an excuse for
feasting. Camp food can be as simple or as fancy as you want to make it. You'll
find quick, easy recipes at koa.com camping recipes. Dog friendly. Because man's
best friend deserves a getaway, too. Many places accept four-legged friends.
Just be sure to check ahead. The stories. Because making memories, and not just
the warm fuzzy kind, is a big part of camping. Tales of outdoor adventures gone
horribly wrong can give you plenty to laugh about for years to come.

At the time of jury selection, the judge usually knows, or figures, how much
time the jury trial will take. It may go for longer periods, but he is able
to figure out approximately how much time is involved. During deliberations,
jurors will examine the evidence. They will have to review the exhibits in the
case, rule out any evidence, and consider the arguments of the attorneys. The
opening and closing arguments are very important. In the opening statement,
each attorney tells what he or she intends to prove in the case. In the closing
statement, each attorney explains why the evidence that was produced in trial
proves his or her case. The judge makes it clear in his instructions to the
jury that the opening and closing arguments are not evidence. This is told to
the jury so that they do not confuse what the attorney is saying with what is
actually the evidence in the case. The judge may also explain to the jury what
the function of the witness is, and explain the difference between admissible
evidence and evidence that is not admissible. The judge may explain the meaning
of the objections that were made. Judges sometimes go into long discussions
about what should be considered evidence and what should not be.

Don't invest in a lot of stuff until you decide you actually like camping. In
the meantime, try renting tents, sleeping bags, and other basics, from major
outdoor retailers, or borrow them from a camping-savvy friend. Better yet,
invite that friend on your trip. Make a packing list, so you know what to bring
and what to leave behind. Outdoor Outfitter REI has a detailed checklist at
rei.com. Large plastic bins are a handy way to separate cooking gear, food,
and miscellaneous supplies. Without question, one of the most difficult tasks
is putting together the tent. To avoid the aggravation, practice setting it
up, including the rain fly, and the tarp in the backyard or living room first.
When loading your car, put in your tent, sleeping bags, and other things last,
so they'll be easily accessible when you arrive at your campsite. Bring warmer
clothes than you think you might need, plus some extra blankets. Temperatures
can drop dramatically after the sun goes down.

When a person is read his constitutional rights, according to the Miranda
decision he is said to be Mirandised. A person must be Mirandised or the state
will not have a case. A person must be Mirandised or read the rights of which
he must be informed according to the Miranda court decision. If a question
occurs with as to whether a person has been Mirandised, then it is possible that
even if a good case exists between or against the defendant, the case will be
dropped. Police officers have to be trained that the reading of these rights is
most important. There are many stages in a criminal matter. It is important that
a defendant understand the various court appearances and what may be required of
them. It is also very important that the defendant understand just what rights
that he has before the law. A defendant has a right to an attorney to defend him
in a criminal proceeding. The court will appoint an attorney for the defendant
at no charge if the defendant does not have the money to hire an attorney. At
the end of the case, the defendant may be asked to pay all or part of the court
appointed attorney, depending on his ability to pay a portion of these costs.
Whenever someone is charged with a crime carrying the possibility of six months
or more in jail, the defendant has the right to a speedy public jury trial. At
the trial, you are thought to be not guilty and will not be convicted unless a
jury of 12 jurors are convinced of your guilt beyond a reasonable doubt. The
attorney gets to participate in a review of the people selected out of which
the jury will be picked. It is important that the attorney selects people who
will be fair in hearing the case. Jury selection is important. As a defendant
on trial, you have the right to confront and cross-examine every witness who
gives evidence against you. The witness will not be able to write a statement
and have it read in court by someone else. The defendant has the right to attack
that witness and show how he or she is lying. The witness must be in court to
represent his own testimony.

---

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Did he appear to you to be dead at that time?
	A	I did not know whether he was dead or not. I didn't examine him.
	Q	You just pushed him over in the front seat. Is that right?
	A	He was already in the front seat. He was sitting about middle. He was close
to the steering wheel. So, I pushed his body over so that I could get room to
drive.
	Q	Did you notice any blood on the floor in the back of that car?
	A	I did not even turn around to look in the car. I just drove the car.
	Q	Did you notice that your hat was in the car?
	A	I didn't know anything was in the car at all but him and me.
	Q	Now, when did Vi take your hat?
	A	She took my hat the first time that she called me to come over. She threw
her arm around me, and told me that we can make some money.
	Q	Did you ever try to get your hat back from her?
	A	I never thought anymore about my hat because she took my hat many times and
would return it to me.
	Q	Was she wearing your hat when you last saw her?
	A	When she took it off my head, she put it on her head.
	Q	Did she have it on her head when they took you home?
	A	I don't know whether she had it on then because I did not pay any attention
to it.
	Q	Did you see your hat at all that night after Vi had it?
	A	No.

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	I'm going to caution you, however, that if you testify to facts here today,
and then you review your booklet and you make significant changes -- you change
"yes" to "no" or anything of that nature, or of an important matter, I will be
allowed to comment on that fact in front of a judge or jury at a time this case
proceeds to trial. What that will do is call into question why you made those
changes and why your answers are different later. Do you understand that?
	A	Yes.
	Q	If you make changes, it will likely be embarrassing to you at the time of
trial and may be damaging to your aspect of the lawsuit. Do you understand that?
	A	Yes.
	Q	We tell all the witnesses these facts. It's not to discourage you from
making changes, because mistakes can occur. I want to stress, however, you
should take your time and give your best testimony today so you don't have to
make changes.
	A	Okay.
	Q	Two things, primarily for the court reporter's benefit, and we'll get going.
And try to get you out of here. She is only permitted to take down a verbal
response. So, from time to time, in everyday conversation, we all use nods,
shakes, and gestures. I understand those things when I'm looking at you and can
see you. In the booklet, those are not clear. So, if you use a nod, shake, or
gesture, I'm going to say "was that a 'yes' or was that a 'no'", and I'm not
doing that to be rude, but rather make certain that she's accurately written
down your intention, okay?
	A	Yeah.
	Q	Likewise, all of us use "uh-huh" and "uh-uh" on occasion. Those can be
misunderstood. If you use "uh-huh" or "uh-uh" during the proceeding, I will say
"was that a 'yes' or was that a 'no'?". It's not to be rude, but rather to make
certain it's correctly recorded. All right?
	A	Right.

---

BY MR. WILSON:
	Q	Okay.
	A	He seemed like the last of the bunch, and I was kind of breathing a sigh of
relief that they're gone.
	Q	Okay. But, he was still behind you?
	A	He was still behind me, and I believe there was another person behind me,
too.
	Q	Okay. Now, as you were westbound on Main, did you maintain pretty much
around 35 to 40 miles per hour?
	A	Yes, I did.
	Q	And from your perceptions, after seeing that other van, and when I refer to
the other van, I'm referring to the lady that was involved in the accident. Fair
enough?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Okay. When you were headed westbound, did the other van seem to be going 35
to 40 as well to you?
	A	Yes.
	Q	And you were watching as these motorcycle -- this first group of motorcycles
were passing, they were passing not only you, they were passing her?
	A	Right, right.
	Q	When I say "her", I'm representing to you that it was a female that was
driving that van. Now, as you went for a few miles, you mentioned some of the
motorcycles continued to pass you?
	A	Yes.
	Q	All right. And there got to be a time where the guy who was involved in the
accident was behind you but the motorcycles had gone in front of you?
	MR. JONES:  Misstates testimony.
	THE WITNESS:  Which other motorcycle?
BY MR. WILSON:
	Q	Okay. You told me that the motorcyclist that was ultimately involved in the
accident, it seemed as though the other ones had gone by you, and you felt a
sigh of relief. Is that right?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Okay. And then there was still the motorcyclist who was involved in the
accident. I thought you said maybe one other --
	A	There was.
	Q	Okay. And so let's take that moment in time. How far were you going down
Main when the other motorcyclists had pretty much gotten in front of you?
