red, reds, rid, rids, rod, rods, ride, rides, lad, lads, lead, leads, lid, lids,
feed, feeds, feud, feuds, wed, weds, seed, seeds, tide, tides

creek, slight, thigh, roast, crude, these, grand, slick, chart, thrift, charge,
bluff, grouch, wheat, flop, blunt, brick, cheese

frozen yoghurt, optimum force, broad limitation, controversial subject,
democratic ideals, suburban statistics, alternative methods, popularity contest,
literary masterpiece, athletic scholarships, insulation ceremony

flow, fresh, prim, braid, fluid, grim, glow, squeeze, twin, plum, thief, drone,
float, croak, free, brown, grief, quote, close, smear

yoga, total, soda, hideout, solo, preacher, tenure, basic, window, vocal, water,
reduce, tulip, headstrong, elude, tumour, polo, later, review

jury trial, life estate, good faith, fee simple, third party, minor child, class
action, clean hands, circuit court, small claims, third degree, civil remedy,
public entity, common law

---

You may also consider a witnesses manner of testifying on examination,
the character of his or her testimony, the bias or prejudice, if any, the
interest or absence of interest in the suit, the degree of intelligence, the
recollection, whether good or bad, clear or indistinct, concerning the facts
testified to, the inclinations or motives, together with the opportunity the
witness had to know the facts thereof he or she may have spoken.

I was driving down the highway on my way to work. I travel that road every day.
There was nothing unusual about the day in question, except, unfortunately, it
was the day the defendant hit my car. I would say I was going approximately 55.
I know everyone always says that, but it's the truth. I was going the speed
limit. I rarely speed. Maybe if I'm late, I might go 57 or 58. Ask anyone who
knows me. They'll tell you, too. My best friends make fun of me, and tell me
that I drive like an old woman. I have never even gotten a ticket in my life. I
try to do the right thing, but he hit me, and now my car is totalled.

I was born in Arkansas. My brother in Tennessee. My sister in North Carolina.
And my mother and father in Michigan and Minnesota. My parents met in Georgia
and got married in South Carolina. They first lived in Kentucky, but then
they moved to Texas. We lived in Iowa, Louisiana, and Mississippi. When I was
10, I visited my aunt in Virginia. The following summer, I went to camp in
West Virginia. My brother and sister stayed with our grandparents in Ohio.
When I was 12, my parents took us to Connecticut during the fall. When we saw
the leaves turn colour, we were in New Hampshire, Massachusetts, and Rhode
Island, also. When I was 16, I worked for a company in New Jersey. This company
bought parts in Oregon, Pennsylvania, Utah, and Wisconsin. The products were
sold in North Dakota, South Dakota, Maryland, and Vermont. The company sent
sales representatives to New Mexico, Nevada, Colorado, and Iowa. I graduated
school in Washington. My first job was in Arizona. The company I worked for
had main offices in Florida and California. There was also offices in New
Mexico, Maine, Alabama, and Delaware. Eventually, I moved to New York, where
I lived for 4 years. Then, I took a vacation in Hawaii. I returned, but had
to take a flight that made stops in Kansas and Nebraska. During my absence,
my employer had gotten accounts in Alaska, Missouri, and Iowa. And I was very
happy to hear it. My sister moved to Montana, and my brother moved to Oklahoma.
The following year, I moved to Illinois. That didn't suit me, so then I tried
Idaho and Wyoming, and found that I really liked the atmosphere in the west.
I particularly liked the feeling in Montana, and the northern part of Wyoming
around Cody and Sheridan.

Discrepancies in a witness's testimony, or between his testimony and that of
others, if there were any, do not necessarily mean that the witness should
be discredited. Failure of recollection is a common experience. Two persons
witnessing an incident or a transaction often will see or hear it differently.
Whether a discrepancy pertains to a fact of importance, or only to a trivial
detail should be considered in weighing its significance. A witness, as I
mentioned a moment ago, is presumed to speak the truth. This presumption,
however, may be repelled by the manner in which he or she testifies, by the
character of his or her testimony, by his or her motives, or by contradictory
evidence.

We are trying to fit all our puzzle pieces together in a logical manner. It is
just as if you are building a puzzle by referring to the cover of the box. We
know what the end photo looks like, and we have the pieces, so we need to fit
them in place. First of all, oil did burn during the course of this fire. There
was some amount of oil that was burned as fuel to feed the fire. Both parties
admit to the burning of the oil, but they do not concur as to when the burning
began. One party contends that ignition occurred right at the very outset, and
that is what caused the fire. We content that ignition was caused by a smaller
fire that was already going. The oil was what made the fire difficult to put
out.

If any witness examined before you has wilfully sworn falsely as to any material
matter, you may distrust his or her entire testimony. That is, being convinced
that a witness has stated what is untrue, not as the result of a mistake, or
inadvertence, but wilfully and with a design to deceive, you should treat all
of such witnesses testimony with distrust and suspicion, and you may reject it
all unless you shall be convinced that the witness in other particulars has
testified to the truth.

I would be lying if I said her drinking didn't cause me to leave her. I know she
loved the children, but I couldn't stand it any longer. I would come home after
working and she would be drunk, and the kids always seemed to be afraid. They
knew a fight would begin, or that they would have to help me put her to bed. I
had to get them away from her. I didn't want any child of mine to get hurt like
that. I want the very best for them. Life is hard enough. Why make it harder
for them by keeping them in an environment like that? She can fight to keep
them, but she won't win. I do not believe that a judge with any compassion would
give them to her. I don't mind if she sees them and tries to build as normal a
relationship as with them as possible, but I will never let her have them. I
just want her to get better. I just want her to be well again and be the woman
I used to know. I hope she will get help. She knows that her problem is ruining
four lives.

---

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	You knew her and recommended her for the position, but you didn't know about
her previous problem?
	A	That is correct.
	Q	Was the personnel manager advised of it?
	A	I didn't see anything in her records.
	Q	You never discussed the issue with her?
	A	That is correct.
	Q	You are not sure whether she was advised of it?
	A	I don't know if that matter came up.
	Q	Were you present during any of the hiring interviews?
	A	No, I wasn't.
	Q	Would your company have hired her, knowing that she had a prior lawsuit
against a company?
	A	I don't know.
	Q	What does your company do in similar cases?
	A	That didn't come up since I have been working in personnel.
	Q	It never came up?
	A	Not while I was working at the company.
	Q	Prior to Ms. Ross's being hired, was anyone aware of her prior lawsuit, to
your knowledge?
	A	To my knowledge, it wasn't.
	Q	Did Ms. Ross seem to have a knowledge of what was going on in your company
with regard to another lawsuit pending against your company?
	A	I don't know.
	Q	Did Ms. Ross mention to you, knowing her future husband, who was employed at
the company?
	A	No. She didn't.
	Q	Did you tell Ms. Ross of other lawsuits against your company at any point in
time while she was employed at your company?
	A	I don't recall mentioning any lawsuits.
	Q	Did you ever tell Ms. Ross about any personnel matters in your company?
	A	No, I did not. I don't discuss personnel issues with anyone.
	Q	How many lawsuits has the company had in any matter such as the one in which
the company is now involved?
	A	None to my knowledge.
	Q	There were no other lawsuits of this nature that you are aware of?
	A	That is correct.
	Q	Was there any similar suits?
	A	No, not to my knowledge.
	Q	How long have you been with the company?
	A	Over three years.
	Q	And did any suits happen after you started?
	A	I'm not sure.
	Q	Okay. Had anyone else interviewed for the position that Ms. Ross was hired
for?
	A	I wasn't involved in the process.
	Q	Why was she chosen?
	A	I didn't make that decision.

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	And I don't plan, you understand, all the ins and outs of that federal rule
of civil procedure. But, do you understand as a general matter that you've been
designated by your attorneys to speak on behalf of Rider North?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Now, as a general matter, when I refer to you today, I mean the corporation
and not you specifically?
	A	Sure.
	Q	Your answers are on behalf of Rider North. You understand that, correct?
	A	Yes.
	Q	And your answers are based on the collective knowledge of Rider North's
employees and officers. Do you understand that?
	A	Yes.
	Q	If you answer a question that you don't know, or don't have any knowledge
regarding it, what you are, in effect saying or answering, is that Rider North
does not know. Do you understand that?
	A	Yes.
	Q	And as we go through the questions today, if you don't know an answer, but
you know somebody in Rider North who would know the answer, I'd like you to give
me that information?
	A	Sure.
	Q	Is that fair? Now, what did you do to prepare for the deposition?
	A	I read over the document you just handed to me through the list of topics.
	MR. EUFPLT:  Let me just caution the witness. You can tell him that you talked
with me, but our conversations are confidential. So don't disclose the subject
matter.
	THE WITNESS:  Okay. I went over the list of topics and then discussed it with
counsel.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Okay. Did you speak with anybody with Rider North in preparation for the
deposition today?
	A	If I had any questions on some of the topics, then, yeah, I might have
talked to a couple of people to get clarification on some of the questions or
topics.

---

BY MR. MORRIS:
	Q	Did you deal directly with the people who contracted with you for services?
	A	Occasionally, I would.
	Q	Who has the responsibility for profit and loss in your company?
	A	That responsibility was mine.
	Q	With that responsibility, you probably had to do the budgeting, correct?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Was there a senior person above you located in your branch?
	A	No.
	Q	Who did you report to directly?
	A	I reported directly to the president of the company.
	Q	Did Ms. West advise you, when she began employment with your company, that
she had a lawsuit pending against another company?
	A	I'm not sure exactly when I was advised of it.
	Q	But at some point, you were advised of it. You are not sure whether you were
advised of it before you hired her?
	A	I had several interviews with her, both before and after she was hired. I am
not sure when it came up.
	Q	Would you have hired her knowing that she had a prior lawsuit against a
company?
	A	I am sure that I would have considered the circumstances.
	Q	Is that a "yes" or a "no"?
	A	As I said, I would have to consider the circumstances.
	Q	Prior to hiring Ms. West, and during one of those interviews, did you
discuss anything with her anything about her knowledge of anyone in your
company?
	A	That was not discussed, no.
	Q	Did Ms. West seem to have a knowledge of what was going on in your company
with regard to a lawsuit pending against your company?
	A	We didn't discuss that, no.
	Q	Did Ms. West mention to you, knowing her future husband, who was employed at
the company?
	A	I am not sure that she knew him at the time.
	Q	Did you tell Ms. West of other lawsuits against your company at any point in
time while she was employed at your company?
	A	I don't recall.
