March 10th
April 30
March 12
May 2
March 14
June 2
April 23
June 16
March 25
May 14
April 30
June 22
May 19
March 31
April 1
May 5
June 24
April 2
May 22
June 25
May 7
May 23
April 4
May 26
June 30
May 28
April 8
July 1
May 13
April 9
May 30
July 3
April 11
June 1
July 5

He is two years and eight months old.
This is her 22nd birthday.
Children under 8 are not allowed.
She died at the ripe old age of 88.
I will be 19 next week.
The man lived to be 91.
You must be 21 to drink.
April 8, 1993 is when we closed.
July 5 was the last time I saw her.
I signed the contract on the 2nd of May.
We pay on the 1st and 15th.
She died in 1987.
It was the 6th of March.

Be there for a baby's first step.
Ride a burrow to the bottom of the Grand Canyon.
Leave my handprint on the sidewalk at the Grauman's Chinese Theatre.
Join a Messiah sing along at the Mormon Tabernacle.
Attend my Elementary school reunion.
Throw the switch that lights up the national Christmas tree in Washington DC.
Learn to tap dance.
Spend a day in the British Museum.
Attend the Texas state fair in Dallas.

---

The right to a speedy and public trial and jury is an important right. In some
places, that right is not granted. Another right is the right to confront
witnesses. The person has the right to hear the witness in court, and to
respond. Before a person is questioned, the person is supposed to be informed
of his rights. An important case decision is the Miranda Decision, that sets
forth the principle that a person must be informed of his rights. The rights
that a person is to be informed of is his right to an attorney, and his right
to remain silent. The officer or officers who are taking the person in for
questioning must inform the suspect that he has the right to an attorney and
the right to remain silent. These rights have been set forth for him in the
constitution. However, it is the Miranda Decision that requires the person be
informed of these rights. The Miranda warning tells you that you have the right
to remain silent and the right to an attorney. These two rights are so important
that a Supreme Court ruling determined that police must tell the arrested party
of their constitutional rights. A defendant must post bail to be released from
jail, and will lose that money if he or she fails to appear in court.

I come from a long line of people who do not camp, which it was why it wasn't
until age 30 until I took my first real camping trip. All was going well for my
wife and me until our second night in Glacier National Park, when it started
to rain. I was initially excited, as I love the sound of a good rainstorm.
That delight faded the moment I rolled over in my sleeping bag and discovered
the small stream that had started flowing down the centre of the tent floor.
As that stream turned into a river, we grabbed our sleeping bags and beat a
hasty retreat to our car. Needless to say it was a terrible night. After the
sun rose, a part of me swore I'd never camp again. But, it was too late. I'd
already been smitten with the idea of sleeping out under the stars. In the 25 or
so years since that fateful night, I've learned a lot about camping. Mistakes
and misadventures are great teachers, but perhaps I can spare you some grief.
If you're new to camping, or just looking for ways to camp better, read on for
inspiration and ideas for an excellent outdoor adventure.

A bondsman will, for a certain percent of the bail, act as the surety and post
the money. In states where there is no bondsman, the court acts as the bondsman.
This means that the defendant must pay the court the bail. If you are released
on your own recognisance, you need not pay anything. The judge will issue a
bench warrant if you fail to appear in court. A bench warrant is an order from
the judge. A judge may issue a bench warrant for a number of reasons. At any
time that someone does not follow the orders that the judge makes, the judge
may issue a bench warrant. If the defendant loses the case, but is able to get
an appeal, the defendant may be released from jail during the appeal if he
applies for and gets an appeal bond. Individuals who receive an appeal bond are
released until the decision on their appeal is made. You may be released after
a conviction if you are pardoned. If you are pardoned, you are set free. If you
cannot afford an attorney, the state will provide you with representation. That
person is called a public defender.

Connecting with our peeps. Because texting shouldn't be the only way we
communicate with our friends, spouse, or kids. Long hikes, camp fires, and
un-rushed sit-down meals together create opportunities for face-to-face
conversation. A feast for the senses because there's nothing like basking in
the smell of wood smoke, savouring a perfectly toasted marshmallow, or hearing
a coyote howl while are immersed in the outdoors. Outdoor education, because
suburban life has made us all soft. That may explain why rekindling long dormant
outdoor skills like building a roaring campfire can be quite satisfying.
Overcoming adversity. Because dealing with the occasional setback gives us a
chance to rally, thereby teaching young and old alike the important life lesson
that most problems can be solved.

When jurors are locked up, they are locked up somewhere until the trial is over.
They may not be allowed to use the telephone. They may not be allowed to read
newspapers, or watch any news reports. In these cases, they are instructed not
to speak to anyone about their views on the case. They are not to discuss the
case with other jury members. During the time where they are locked up, they
are deciding the facts in the case to arrive at a verdict. During this time,
the jury is said to be deciding the case. During the normal process of deciding
the case, the jury is locked up in a room. In high profile cases, the jury, as
stated before, may be in the process of deciding the case for days, weeks, or
even months at a time. Usually, when the jury is being selected, the jurors are
asked about their availability for long periods of time. Some people, due to
family, may not be able to be away from home for a long period.

---

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Have you ever communicated with Tom Connelly?
	A	Yes, sir.
	Q	When did you communicate with Tom Connelly after you left Tilton?
	A	Once. About the first part of May.
	Q	Did you telephone him?
	A	Yes, I did.
	Q	What did you say to him?
	A	I had gotten some information that he had left Tilton, and upon calling him
at home, I found out that this was wrong: that he was still in their employ.
	Q	What was the purpose of your call?
	A	If he had left, I was going to discuss with him possible employment.
	Q	Where did you hear that he had left Tilton?
	A	Through one of the employment agencies.
	Q	Which one?
	A	I don't recall.
	Q	Did you talk to him at any other time after that?
	A	Yes, sir.
	Q	When was that?
	A	After he had left Tilton.
	Q	And what did you talk to him about?
	A	If he had any interest in joining our sales team.
	Q	What did he say?
	A	He didn't think so.
	Q	In your first conversation did he indicate that he would be interested in
working for Victory?
	A	He was noncommittal.
	Q	What kind of a job did you have for Tom Connelly?
	A	Sales trainee.
	Q	Did you ever discuss a sales supervisory job at Victory?
	A	No, sir.
	Q	Where did you call him from in the first call?
	A	Houston, as I remember.
	Q	Did you ever have lunch with him after you had left Tilton?
	A	No, sir.
	Q	You only called him twice?
	A	To my recollection, yes, sir.

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Is that a yes?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Did you understand that the oath that she administered to you before we
started this proceeding is the same oath you would take if you were testifying
in a court of law?
	A	Yes.
	Q	And do you understand that you have the exact same obligation to tell the
truth here today, that you would have if you were testifying before a judge or a
jury?
	A	Yes.
	Q	All right. Throughout this deposition, I'll be asking you questions about
the events surrounding the accident that occurred back on November 28, 2005. Do
you understand that?
	A	That was October 28th, wasn't it?
	Q	Yes, you're correct. I was wrong. That's a good example. That's exactly what
you do if I ask a question that you do not understand. Do not attempt to answer
the question if you do not understand the question, okay?
	A	Okay.
	Q	And if I ask you a question and you do not hear it exactly, will you ask me
to speak up?
	A	Yep.
	Q	At any point during this proceeding, if you wish to speak with your
attorney, you may do so. At any time outside my presence. Simply state "I'd like
to talk to my attorney". You can take a break to speak to your attorney as long
as you'd like.
	A	Okay.
	Q	Have you taken any drugs, medication, alcohol, or anything within the last
24 hours that you believe would impair your ability to testify accurately here
today?
	A	No.
	Q	At the end of this deposition, some time within the next several weeks, the
court reporter will type up her notes into a booklet form. You'll be given the
opportunity to read through the booklet and make sure she accurately wrote down
what you said here in the room today. Do you understand that?
	A	Yes.
	Q	You will also be advised that you may make any changes or corrections you
wish in your deposition booklet to make sure that it's accurate. Do you
understand that?
	A	Yes.

---

BY MR. WILSON:
	Q	Okay. You had two dogs?
	A	I had my two dogs with me.
	Q	Okay. And main has got one lane east, one lane west?
	A	Yes.
	Q	And you'd been traveling, the statement says, at about 35 to 40 miles an
hour. Is that accurate?
	A	Yes.
	Q	When the motorcycles passed you?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Were they -- they were clearly going faster than you were?
	A	Yes.
	Q	And do you have any estimate of their speed or was it -- was it just fast
enough to get around you?
	A	I don't really know that I could estimate their speed. Obviously, it had to
be more than 40 miles an hour, and they were -- it was pretty fast.
	Q	Okay. They got around you?
	A	They did.
	Q	And that series of motorcycles, once they got around you, did they continue
on ahead of you?
	A	Yes.
	Q	All right. And when you first got onto Main, did you notice any other cars
that were in front of you?
	A	When I first got on?
	Q	Yes, ma'am.
	A	Not right away, no.
	Q	Okay. At any time before the motorcycle -- this group of motorcycles all got
past you, did you ever notice that there was another vehicle in front of you?
	A	When they started -- when they first started passing me?
	Q	Well --
	A	Because this happened for quite a few miles. It wasn't just a group of
motorcycles that passed and that was it.
	Q	Okay.
	A	There were -- it took several miles. It just kept coming.
	Q	Okay.
	A	Okay.
	Q	And then was there a time that the motorcycles finally passed you?
	A	Not entirely all of them.
	Q	Was there -- was there a time where you saw another vehicle in addition to
these motorcycles? When I say another vehicle, another vehicle that was in front
of you?
	A	Yes, yes.
	Q	Okay. Let's try and get an idea as to where you first saw that -- that other
vehicle.
