LT345PY
5823FNG
GNBA899
F589PHG
23DRF35
2RDS588
4DS2544
4TRF567
9KLP328
98JHGY5
8977GHC
SR456EE
KLT6785
BNT786S
34GH59S
813CHDP
KEI48VV
456NCE2

Cheyenne, Wyoming 82001
Phoenix, Arizona 85018
Hartford, Connecticut 06132
Tallahassee, Florida 32301
Boise, Idaho 83762
Des Moines, Iowa 50336
Baton Rouge, Louisiana 70858
Lansing, Michigan 48931
Jefferson City, Missouri 65101
Carson City, Nevada 88701
Santa Fe, New Mexico 87501
Bismarck, North Dakota 58501
Harrisburg, Pennsylvania 17104
Columbia, South Carolina 29233
Salt Lake City, Utah 84103
Charleston, West Virginia 25341

---

Before you may convict the defendant of the charged crimes, you must find that
the state proved beyond a reasonable doubt that the defendant committed a
voluntary act. A voluntary act means a bodily movement performed consciously and
as a result of effort and determination. You must consider all the evidence in
deciding whether the defendant committed the act voluntarily. In determining the
evidence, you must decide whether to believe the witnesses and their testimony.
As you do this, you should consider the testimony in light of all the other
evidence in the case. This means you may consider such things as the witnesses'
ability and opportunity to observe their manner and memory while testifying. Any
motive or prejudice they might have, and any inconsistent statements they may
have made. The testimony of a law enforcement officer is not entitled to any
greater or lesser importance or believability merely because of the fact that
the witness is a law enforcement officer. You are to consider the testimony of a
police officer just as you would the testimony of any other witness. The state
has charged the defendant with certain crimes. A charge is not evidence against
the defendant. You must not think that the defendant is guilty just because of
a charge. The defendant has pled not guilty. This plea of not guilty means that
the state must prove each element of the charges beyond a reasonable doubt.
Evidence may be direct or circumstantial. Direct evidence is the testimony of a
witness who saw, heard, or otherwise observed an event. Circumstantial evidence
is the proof of a fact or facts from which you may find another fact.

One sunny Sunday in Chicago, several former classmates gathered for lunch,
having attended their high school reunion the night before. They wanted to
hear more about what was happening in each other's lives. After a good deal of
kidding and a good meal, they settled into an interesting conversation. Who
had been bunch one of the most popular people in the class said "Life sure
turned out differently than I thought it would. When we were in school, a lot
has changed". "It certainly has", Nathan said. They knew he had began into his
family's business which had operated pretty much the same and had been a part
of the local community as long as they could remember. So, they were surprised
when he seemed concerned. "But have you noticed how we don't want to change when
things change?". Carlos said "I guess we resist changing because we're afraid of
change". "Carlos, you were captain of the football team", Jessica said, "I never
thought I'd hear you say anything about being afraid!". They all laughed as they
realised that although they had gone off in different directions from working at
home to managing companies, they were experiencing similar feelings. Everyone
was trying to cope with the unexpected changes that were happening to them in
recent years. And most admitted that they did not know a good way to handle
them. Then, Michael said "I used to be afraid of change. When a big change came
along in our business, we didn't know what to do. So, we didn't do anything
differently and we almost lost it". "That is", he continued, "until I heard a
funny little story that changed everything". "How so?", Nathan asked.

The jury was not able to arrive at any reasonable doubt. They knew that the
defendant admitted to knowing the victim. They also learned that he had
committed other crimes in the end. The case turned around when the defence
attorney discovered that the wife of the defendant, the judge in the case, did
not find reasonable doubt as a matter of law, and he did so after the jury had
committed its decision. His duty was to reverse the decision of the jury. When
he reversed the decision of the jury, the people's attorney had the defendant's
wife and the victim's husband arrested. They had a hearing followed by a trial
and were found guilty. When a person committed a crime, the person is charged
with the crime.

"Well, the story altered the way I looked at change, and after that, things
quickly improved for me at work, and in my life. Then I passed the story on to
some people in our company and they passed it on to others and soon our business
did much better because we all adapted to change better. And like me, many
people said it helped them in their personal lives". "What's the story?", Angela
asked. It's called "Who moved my cheese?". The group laughed. "I think I like it
already", Carlos said. "Would you tell us the story?" "Sure", Michael replied.
"I'd be happy to. It doesn't take long". And so he began.
---

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	And regarding this aspect of assisting disabled motorists, did you have some
kind of booklet to guide you in how to perform these functions?
	A	No, I did not.
	Q	And from where did you get your instructions on how to perform your duties
in assisting	disabled motorists?
	A	Most of it comes after you come out of the academy. You ride with another
officer for 30 working days.
	Q	On the date in question, had you just come out of the academy?
	A	No.
	Q	Is there any reason why you were riding with this officer?
	A	Yes.
	Q	What was the reason?
	A	On graveyard shift, you ride two men in a car.
	Q	Is that policy?
	A	Yes, it is.
	Q	What time does the graveyard shift start?
	A	At 10:00 pm.
	Q	Then am I correct in assuming that your education and training in the duty
of assisting a disabled motorist came from wherever training you received in the
academy?
	A	I don't understand.
	Q	How did you know what to do as far as assisting disabled motorists?
	A	This is given mostly through your training officer after you come out in the
field and start working.
	Q	When did you come out of the academy?
	A	July 24.
	Q	Do you remember the officer that you rode with for the first 30 days after
you got out of the academy?
	A	Yes.
	Q	What was his name?
	A	Officer Jones.
	Q	Now, am I correct in assuming that you got no training while you were in the
academy on how to perform your duties in assisting the disabled motorists?
	A	A very short dissertation on it.
	Q	What do you mean by that?
	A	We were to assist all disabled motorists.

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Mr. Allen, what do you do for a living, sir?
	A	I am employed by Los Angeles County Sheriff's department, lieutenant at
training division.
	Q	How long have you been employed by the sheriff's department?
	A	28 years.
	Q	And how long have you been a sworn police officer?
	A	28 years.
	Q	Prior to your current duty assignment as a lieutenant, were you a sergeant
in charge of investigations?
	A	Yes.
	Q	And did you work homicide bureau?
	A	Yes, I did.
	Q	Pursuant to your duty assignment as a sergeant in homicide bureau, are you
asked to investigate the circumstances surrounding the case that's now before
the bench? The case involving John Smith?
	A	Yes.
	Q	During the course of your investigation, did you have an opportunity to meet
a man by the name of Kenneth Jones?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Did you interview Kenny Jones with an eye to find out what he knew or didn't
know concerning the circumstances of the victim, Joe Edwards, death?
	A	Yes.
	Q	And finally, I think you mentioned this in my original question, did he
indicate to you what his recollection of the colour of the van was?
	A	Yes.
	Q	What colour?
	A	He said it was light blue.
	Q	Light blue, not dark blue?
	A	Light blue.
	Q	Thank you, that's all I have.
	THE COURT:  Mr. Yamamoto.
	MR. EUFPLT:  Thank you, your Honour.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Mr. Allen -- good morning, by the way.
	A	Good morning.
	Q	Mr. Allen, this interview that we're speaking of with Mr. Jones occurred in
2006, is that correct?
	A	That's correct.
	Q	And I believe that he also indicated that they had not gone there with the
intent to kill anyone, is that correct?
	MR. STPHAO:  I would object to the form of the question as to "they". That
calls for speculation as to others.
	THE COURT:  Maybe you can rephrase it, Mr. Yamamoto.

---

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Okay. So there did you start a program in fire science or something else?
	A	General ed.
	Q	Okay. And then how long do you remain at Santa Rosa?
	A	For a year.
	Q	And then where did you go?
	A	I moved back to San Diego and I started with Palomar.
	Q	Where were you -- where is Santa Rosa? Is that up north?
	A	Correct.
	Q	So, when we were talking about your prior addresses, we deduced that you
lived in Colton on the Kelly Street near Broadway address from approximately
December of 2002 to December of 2005.
	A	Uh-huh.
	Q	It sounds like I need to know when you -- where you lived before that
address?
	A	Yes, I -- the dates for me are kind of hairy. I can't remember dates as you
noticed. But I did live up there. I went up there in 2006.
	Q	Went up where?
	A	I'm sorry. To the Bay Area: Calistoga.
	Q	So you moved up there in 2006?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Okay. So if you moved up there in 2006, why did you tell me earlier that
from 2005 to 2011 for six years you lived on San Mateo in Oceanside, which shows
your current address?
	A	Yeah, like I said, my dates are way off. I -- San Mateo I know -- I've lived
there for, like, five or six years so if you just go back from 2006, and
calculate that back -- yeah, I'm sorry.
	Q	Okay. So it sounds like the time frames that we have for the places where
you lived earlier are incorrect because --
	A	There -- Uh-huh.
	Q	And I'm not trying to put you on the spot. I understand completely that
sometimes when we think back on our lives, and try to reconstruct where we lived
and when, it's difficult for all of us.
