1. article ARL
2. determine TKERPL
3. complete KPHRAOET
4. completion KPHRAOEGS
5. apartment PARPLT

He wrote an article for the paper.
Did you read the article on stress.
Is the newspaper article accurate?
He writes many good news articles.
She wanted to read both articles to him.
Where are the articles in question.
When will he determine the answer?
George is going to determine the cost.
Please determine the price of the dress.
She determines the total every hour.
He determines the results of the tests.
Linda determines that on a daily basis.
Everything was determined in the meeting.
We determined the winner of the contest.
Alan was a very determined man.
Who is determining that action?
Is John determining the best plan?
Determining the payment will not be hard.
Determination is the key to success.
The judge made the determination.
She showed incredible determination.
We rented an apartment yesterday.
It is not a furnished apartment.
They have a nice two-bedroom apartment.
Apartments have a nice view.
How many apartments are on that floor?
The apartments are not large enough.
He made a complete of himself.
Are the building plans now complete?
I want a complete report immediately.
Have you completed the application?
I am completing my last year at school.
John is completing his junior year.
The element completes the picture.
Be sure that he completes it on time.
That completes the entire order.
That plan is completely impossible.
Richard is completely wrong about it.
They remained completely in the dark.
When is it scheduled for completion?
The completion rate was very high.
Completion is set for September.

Boston $3,010.98
Reno $24,723.41
Baltimore $14,000.54
Cleveland $55,192.39
Dallas $16,450.84
Detroit $84,867.15
New Orleans $4,746.18
Oakland $5,898.53
New York $6,370.89

The air is frigid outside in February.
Can you pay the freight bill?
It was just a freak accident.
There was a dent in the front fender.
There is frost on the lawn.
I think that Fred is too frugal.
The baby was fretful all night.
Fry the ham for supper on Friday.
Put the plans on a flat surface.
There is a flaw in the wood.
Floyd will be back in a flash.
I must say that Frida is a flirt.
The device is much too flimsy.
The wind made the light flicker.
The pilot filed his flight plan.
He will flip-flop on the issue.
Is her flaxen hair a fraud?
Send flowers to Flossy.
Be sure to floss your front teeth.
The frozen stream will not flow.
My friend ordered the flounder.
She will flee with fright.
He flew over the frozen tundra.
A log was free to float away.

ago AG
interest TR
into TPHAO
sudden SUD

Put the cake into the oven.
We met ten years ago.
Mia expressed interest in art.
I mailed it one week ago.
How much money did you put into the bank?
How much interest are you getting?
A long time ago, I broke my toe.
Take the groceries into the house.
He left suddenly an hour ago.
A court reporter must be disinterested.
If you are disinterested you do not favour one side or the other.
If you are uninterested you are bored.
He suddenly looked into the matter.
That was an interesting comment.

---

It happened in the summer of 1987. I was 23, and to put it mildly, adrift. After
I had gotten out of the army, I'd developed a romance with alcohol, bar fights
and early morning altercations with police. I had no steady job, no prospects.
My mother worked for a New York lawyer and since he had always shown an interest
in her family, she told him of the problems I was causing. I was flabbergasted
when Joe Thompson called me to set up a lunch appointment. I knew how busy this
trial attorney was and also that he could be, at times, in my mother's words,
a real tough S.O.B. We met at a downtown restaurant that had white tablecloths
and fine China. I felt uncomfortable in the suit I had dredged up to wear. It
was not my usual drinking uniform. Thompson was even more intimidating in person
than I had imagined. He was tall, white haired, dressed in a black suit with
a tie, but it was his eyes I remember most. I see blue and they looked right
through me. As we ordered, he started to talk. His manner was flamboyant, almost
hammy, and it was clear that he was used to getting what he wanted. He had an
unusual way of sticking to his cross-examination. What was I going to do with
my life? I had no answer. No one had ever spoken to me quite like this. The man
pulled no punches. He said flat-out that I had to straighten up for my parents
sake and my own. I felt myself bristle. Who the heck does this guy think he is?
But then his tone softened. He offered to get me a job at an insurance company,
or, if I wanted to go to college, he would help. Ridiculous, I thought and for
the first time in our meeting, I found my voice. Wait a minute, my high school
record wasn't great. I don't think I could get in. But I was out of my league.
He ignored my attempt at argument and told me that if I wanted to try Manhattan
College, my father's alma mater, he'd back me up and there was that look again.
That blue-eyed penetrating gaze that demanded compliance. It was clear that I
had no choice. I agreed, or more accurately, gave in. A week later, on a hot
August day, we headed north towards the school. But, on the expressway, Thomson
suddenly steered the car to the shoulder of the road and stopped. Let's pray
that we're successful. Is he for real? Totally in shock, I followed his lead
and knelt by the side of the highway. I felt mortified kneeling there with cars
driving by a few feet away. But I knew by then it was useless to challenge him.
I closed my eyes then stole a sideways glance. This attorney in a pinstripe
suit, eyes closed, hands clasped, lips moving in prayer. At the college, we met
with Brother Gregory, the Dean of the liberal art school. I'm not a Catholic,
Brother, Thompson said but this young man is going to lose his soul. He's a
drinker and a brawler, and he has no purpose. I wished I could crawl under
the floor tile. Thompson talked about tradition, and about my family. He was
standing before a jury, pleading my case. Brother Gregory listened patiently,
but told us the freshman class was filled. He did promise to consider me if
a spot opened up. And in September, just before school was to start, I got a
phone call from the college. We have an opening, Brother Gregory said. Do you
want to give it a whirl? Sure, I said. But I wasn't sure. I had no idea what
to do. It was school, or maybe a job, or maybe nothing. I actually flipped a
coin. The next day, I half-heartedly showed up for my first class called World
Literature. And there, a miracle occurred. My professor, a small dynamo named
Brother Anthony, seemed to burst with enthusiasm. I was mesmerized. I could
not believe anyone could be as smart as this guy. The miracle was that a kind
of explosion went off in my head. It felt like the flash from a bomb. And, it
suddenly changed how I felt about myself and the world. I was not a drinker. I
was not just an ex-GI. I felt like I belonged. In that single fantastic moment,
I realised I could be a student. We were filed with ideas about world history,
language, and philosophy. But, there was something even more important going
on. All of us were caught up in the thrilling process of learning. I don't want
to exaggerate, but there was an unstated realisation that we were on a sacred
journey.

complaint KPHAEUPBT
double TKUBL
instruments STRAOUPLTS
tribunal TRAOEU/PWAOUPBL
petition PE/TEUGS
declaration TKEBG/HRAEUGS
documents TKOUPLTS
acknowledgment ABG/TPHOPLT
authenticity AUFT/TEUFT
Notary Public TPHOET/REU/PHREUBG
adjudication A/SKWRAOUD/KAEUGS
endorsement EPB/TKORPLT

The complaint in a lawsuit may be referred to as a petition, a bill, or a
declaration. Each charge in the complaint is known as a count. A court of law
is also called a tribunal. The adjudication of a case takes place in a court
of law. Double Jeopardy means being tried for the same offence more than once.
A Notary Public certifies the authenticity of documents and instruments. The
endorsement is written on the back of a legal document. An acknowledgment
usually appears at the bottom of a legal document. The covers for a legal
document are called legal backs.

lis pendens HREUS/PEPBD/EPBS
res judicata RES/SKWRAOUD/KA/TA
subpoena duces tecum SPAOEPB/TKAOUSZ/TAOEBG/UPL
alias dictus AEUL/KWRUS/TKEUBG/TUS

A notice of lis pendens is issued to inform persons that litigation is pending.
Lis pendens means pending action or lawsuit. Res judicata means that a decision
has been made before or made in a court of law. When a legal question has been
decided and a court precedent has been established, the term res judicata is
used. A subpoena duces tecum is a court order to appear and to bring specified
documents. The writ of subpoena duces tecum commands a party to produce certain
designated documents in court. In English, alias means an assumed name. The
Romans used the compression expression alias dictus to refer to someone's
nickname. The expression, also known as a.k.a. is derived from alias dictus.

---

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Now when you stopped at that stop sign, did you look to the left and to the
right to see if traffic was coming?
	A	Yes, I did.
	Q	Did you see any traffic at all?
	A	Yes.
	Q	And which did you stop for that traffic?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Which direction was that traffic coming from?
	A	I had been stopped there on account of traffic in both directions. This is a
busy intersection.
	Q	It is a busy intersection?
	A	At that time of day, yes.
	Q	How long would you say you had been stopped there?
	A	A minute -- minute and a half.
	Q	You kept waiting for traffic to clear?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Then did you think that you had a clear passage through the street and you
started off?
	A	Yes.
	Q	At the time you started off, did you look for both north and south-bound
traffic to see if you could go across, or did it appear that at least half the
street was clear, so you could clear half and wait?
	A	No. I looked in both directions.
	Q	You didn't see any vehicles at that time that would prohibit you from coming
across. Is that right?
	A	True.
	Q	And when you stopped then, at the stop sign and started across, I presume
from what you have said that you didn't see the plaintiff's vehicle at that
time?
	A	No.
	Q	As I understand your testimony, the first time you saw my client's vehicle
was when it was at least two vehicle lengths north of North Dakota Avenue. Is
that correct?
	A	Approximately.
	Q	So you don't know where it came from prior to that?
	A	No.

vehicle SRAOEBG
rear-view mirror R-FPL
speed limit SPHREUPLT
motorcycle PHOEUBG
collision KHREUGS
roadway ROEU
intersection SPWR*EBGS
stoplight ST-LT
street light STR-LT

	MR. STPHAO:  The people would call Lawrence Krauss to the witness stand.
	THE COURT:  Mr. Cross, please step forward, face the clerk, and be sworn.
Please state your name and spell the last for the record.
	THE WITNESS:  My name is Lawrence Krauss, K-r-a-u-s-s.
	THE COURT:  Mr. Hocking, you may examine the witness.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Mr. Krauss, do you live here in Marino Valley?
	A	Yes, sir.
	Q	And did you leave here in May last year?
	A	I did, yes.
	Q	Did you have occasion to drive your vehicle on May 15 of last year?
	A	Yes, I did.
	Q	And what time of day was that?
	A	It was in the early afternoon. Maybe 1:00 or 2:00 o'clock.
	Q	Okay. Where were you going?
	A	I was going to Circle-K off of Maine and Riverside.
	Q	Please tell us what happened as you were driving in the area of Maine and
Riverside.
	A	Well, I was planning to go to the market there to buy some drinks. I was
driving down Maine. I happened to look in my rear-view mirror and I saw a red
vehicle driving very fast. Way faster than the speed limit. I --
	Q	Let me stop you for a moment. You said a red vehicle. Was this vehicle a
car, a truck, or what?
	A	Oh, it was a motorcycle.
	Q	A red motorcycle. Okay, go on.
	A	Well after seeing him flying down the roadway, I decided to get into the
right lane. As I did so, he also went into the right lane. That's when the
collision happened.
	Q	Okay. Did this collision take place in the intersection?
	A	No, sir.
	Q	How far from the intersection were you?
	A	There is a stoplight at the intersection and I would say it happened on the
roadway about 50 yards before the intersection. When I pulled off the road, I
parked near a street light.

---

BY MR. SNYDER:
	Q	Do you remember who performed that physical exam?
	A	I don't remember, but it's a facility they send us to go have a full exam
done.
	Q	Okay. And that would have been in 2013?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Okay. During your -- well let me ask, did you have employment before your
incarceration in 2013?
	A	Correct.
	Q	What did you do before your incarceration in 2013?
	A	Caregiver.
	Q	And did you work for yourself or for a business?
	A	I worked myself.
	Q	And who were your clients?
	A	The elderly.
	Q	And what were your duties for them?
	A	I gave medication, medicine, daily house chores, feeding, transporting,
daily living.
	Q	Okay. And how long were you a caregiver?
	A	I did that for 10 years.
	MR. MOORE:  So would it be fair to say that you did that from approximately
2013 -- excuse me, 2003 to 2013.
	THE WITNESS:  That is correct.
BY MR. SNYDER:
	Q	Now did you tell me that you were incarcerated in 2013?
	A	Yes.
	Q	For two and a half years?
	A	Correct.
	Q	So were you a caregiver before that time?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Okay. And then you were incarcerated and you came out of prison and you were
awe caregiver again?
	A	Yes -- no, no, no, no. After the six months I was out before, I went to the
academy. I worked three differents jobs.
	Q	Okay.
	A	But prior to that, I was trained. I did some care giving, but I did -- I'm
sorry, I've done all kinds of work.
	MR. MOORE:  That's fine, okay.
	THE WITNESS:  So I've done numerous things and that's part of what I've done.
BY MR. SNYDER:
	Q	Okay. Let's go back to that first felony conviction for strong arm robbery
in 2013. Were you a caregiver before that?
	A	Correct.
	Q	Okay. And were you a caregiver after that?
	A	Correct.
	Q	And were you a caregiver continuously until your 2013 conviction?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Okay, all right. And you were always a caregiver, is that correct?
	A	No, not always.

---

testimony - T*PL
record - RORD
bailiff - PWHREUF
courtroom - KRAOPL
defendant - TK-FT
plaintiff - PHR-F
juror - SKWROR
