what is, of the, where the, in a, I have, have you ever, have the, to the, I am,
if you have, about the, at the

What is the name of the bowling alley where the accident happened? Have you ever
bowled there? I have a good idea the bowling alley is located in a shopping
centre on the west side of town. I have the telephone number of a witness and I
am turning it over to the police. If you have had the opportunity, I hope you
have talked to the police and told them everything you know about the accident
at the bowling alley.

Iowa, Vermont, Virginia

Alabama, Alaska, Arizona, Arkansas, California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware,
Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky,
Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi,
Missouri, Montana, Nebraska, Nevada, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, New
York, North Dakota, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode
Island, South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, Vermont, Virginia,
Washington, West Virginia, Wisconsin, Wyoming, United States

badly, barely, closely, dimly, exactly, firmly, freshly, hugely, lately, likely,
mainly, nicely, partly, poorly, really, rudely

beaver, bluffer, braver, briefer, buffer, clever, clover, cover, differ, diver,
driver, favour, fever, favour, giver, heifer, Hoover, lever, lifer, hover,
liver, loafer, louvre, lover, mover, never, over, prefer, quiver, refer, river,
roofer, rougher, rover, safer, shaver, shiver, sliver, snuffer, stiffer, suffer,
tougher, weaver

Please refer in your text to the following readings on divorce and dissolution:
chapter 6, pages 114 through 118; chapter 10, pages 231 through 234; chapter
16, pages 319 through 321; and chapter 17, pages 326 through 328. The selected
readings on alimony are in chapter 5, page 79 and chapter 12, page 258.

did he go, do you work, did she try, do you sleep, did she arrive, do you drink,
did he work, do the men vote, did you go, do we have time, did you sleep, do the
men agree, did she tell you, do you want to stay, did she see you, do they have
a bar, did he want to go, do you have time, did you see the car, do they pay
monthly, did the show get out

---

emergency, period of time

A budget is a statement of monetary objectives for a specified period of time.
Every business, household, and agency finds planning easier when a budget is
prepared. An annual budget should be broken down into months or quarters to
readily allow for forecasting and planning. The budget is a tool for controlling
expenditures and assessing management performance. A well planned budget will
allow for small changes in economic factors and will have built-in alternatives
in the case of emergency changes. Most businesses and agencies operate in the
constraints of a budget. Budgeting promotes planning on the part of management
and allows performance comparisons. A budget is an important planning tool for
every business and household as well.

A brave and dear friend of mine adopted a troubled 15 year old girl, whose
life had been one long saga of abandonment and insecurity. As the child's 16th
birthday approached, my friend wondered how to make it a special, sweet 16th,
without appearing to buy her new daughter's love. When the big day finally
arrived, the first present the birthday girl opened was a simple tin canister,
hand painted with flowers, one for each year I missed. Inside were 15 small
gifts, individually wrapped, and numbered. Each was appropriate for an age.
Beginning with a baby's tiny music box, and ending with a box of scented
stationary. It was a moment of healing for this new family, as the once angry,
sullen child opened each small token with wonderment and joy. No one had to
worry about the proper thing to say. Both the pain of the past and the hope for
the future were acknowledged.

Homicide, parole, manslaughter, imprisonment, eligible, involuntary,
justifiable, reprieve, premeditated, deliberate, aforethought, conviction,
murder, malice, pardon,

Homicide is the killing of a human being. Justifiable homicide is a killing
in self-defense. Murder is the unlawful killing of a person with malice a
forethought. Murder in the first degree or "murder one" is a wilful, deliberate,
or premeditated killing. Manslaughter is the killing of another without
malice or forethought. There are two classes of manslaughter: voluntary and
involuntary. The outcome of a criminal trial may be a conviction. At the close
of a criminal trial, the convicted individual may be sentenced to imprisonment.
The prisoner may be eligible for a parole, a reprieve, or a pardon.

orbit, Mercury, Pluto, Mars, Uranus, Venus, Jupiter, Saturn, Neptune, celestial,
exploration, atmosphere, poisonous

The earth and the other planets move in orbit around the sun. Because the
planets are so close, they can be seen easily. They appear to wander back and
forth from east to west, and from west to east. When a planet is to the east
of the sun, it sets in the evening, just after the sunset. When it travels to
the west of the sun, we can see it in the morning just prior to sunrise. Those
planets that are nearest to the sun have the smallest orbit. They include
Mercury and Venus. Venus is the brightest of the planets. Mars, nicknamed
"the red planet", is closest to the earth and is inhabited by a low order of
plant life. Jupiter and Saturn are very large, with atmospheres composed of
gases, which are poisonous to man. Neptune, Uranus, and Pluto are farthest
away from the earth, and very little is known about their composition. In
recent years, space exploration has enabled man to discover and learn more
about the composition, atmosphere, and forms of life of their closest celestial
neighbours.

prosecutor, defendant, evidence

The prosecutor commenced this action in May by filing a criminal complaint.
This charged the defendant, Paul Cross, with one count of party to the crime of
burglary with one count of party to the crime of theft. The following month,
the state filed an information, which charged the defendant with these same
two crimes. The defendant was arraigned on June 19th. At that time, he entered
a plea of not guilty to both charges. Before the trial, the prosecutor became
aware that he would not be able to make out a case against Paul Cross under the
statute that refers to party to a crime. And so the next month, he filed a new
information under a different statute. Even though the new one sited a different
statute, it continued to charge the defendant with the same two counts, and
continued to rely on the theory of party to a crime as to each count. Before
the start of the trial, defence counsel objected to going forward on the new
information without a new arraignment. As a result, the state withdrew the new
information, and the trial went forward on the old one. Trial was held to the
court without a jury. At the conclusion of the evidence, the judge found the
defendant guilty on both counts. Two issues are involved in this trial on this
appeal. First, did the prosecutor waive his reliance on the theory of party to
a crime by withdrawing the new information? Second, if he did not waive his
theory, was the evidence that he presented at trial enough to sustain both
convictions.

For the past four years, my husband, Walt Nikirk, has been celebrating his
birthday by making and giving away rocking horses to hyperactive and arthritic
children. The rocking horse he designed originally for a slightly hyperactive
grandson's second birthday doesn't tip over. When Walt discovered that the
horse was good therapy for hyperactive children, he began donating them to
institutions to help kids who weren't as fortunate as those in his own family.
The first gifts went to the Ronald McDonald House, the paediatrics unit of the
John Hopkins hospital, and the Kennedy Institute for Handicapped Children,
all in Baltimore. Walt began receiving letters of endorsement from the public
relations departments of these places quoting medical personnel, all impressed
of the safety of Walt's motion toy. Soon after, Walt donated a horse to a
friend's three year old daughter who suffered juvenile arthritis. The little
girl's physical therapist thought it was the best thing for her, prompting Walt
to contact the Arthritis Foundation of Hagerstown, Maryland. Now he builds two
sizes of the rocking horse and gives them to arthritic children whose names are
supplied by the foundation. "Childhood should be happy", Walt explains. "When
little kids hurt, they're not happy. If my horses can make them smile and help
them physically, then it's worth it".

---

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Just the jeep?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Okay. Now, when you were standing next to the rear tyre, was it on the
driver's side, or the passenger's side?
	A	It was on the passenger's side.
	Q	Now, while the dog standing by the edge of the driveway, barking, what is
Max dog?
	A	Barking at that dog.
	Q	And Max is still on the inside of the fence?
	A	Yes.
	Q	And while the dog that ran at your brother is standing at the left side of
the driveway, what is Josh doing?
	A	He's running next door.
	Q	Did Josh say anything before he was running to the neighbours?
	A	I don't know.
	Q	Which way did Josh run? Can you tell me?
	A	This way.
	Q	Okay. So you were looking at photograph "E", and Josh ran toward -- Josh ran
toward the right edge of the photograph?
	A	Yes.
	Q	While the dog is still at the left edge of the driveway, what is your
brother Daniel doing?
	A	He is, like, just standing over there.
	MR. STPHAO:  So, Daniel is just standing next to the fence?
	THE WITNESS:  Yes.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	He is standing next to the fence that we can't see behind this little tree
on the left edge of the driveway?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Does he have anything in his hands while he's standing there?
	A	No.
	Q	Did Daniel have a baseball bat?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Where was the baseball bat?
	A	It was on the ground. When the dog started chasing him, he threw it on the
ground.
	Q	Before the dog started chasing him, where was the bat?
	A	In Daniel's hand.
	Q	Before the dog was chasing Daniel, and while Daniel is standing on the
driveway next to the fence, and the dog is at the left edge of the driveway,
where is the baseball bat?
	A	I don't know.
	Q	Now you are partway in the garage. Are you looking out toward the street, or
are you looking in toward the house?
	A	Out towards the street.
	Q	All right. Now, what is the next thing that happens?
	A	The dog started running at Daniel. I run in the house and I tell everybody
that Daniel is getting attacked by a dog. Then I come out to see if the dog is
gone. Then Daniel was hopping into the garage.

landslide, incipient, examination, physical, stabilised, observing, foundation

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Did you make any inspections of that home after this first occasion?
	A	Yes.
	Q	What is your opinion?
	A	My opinion is that there is some incipient landslide beneath the home.
	Q	Do you have an opinion based on your examination of the home as to whether
this is causing the foundation of the home to be damaged?
	A	Yes.
	Q	And what is your opinion?
	A	It is causing the foundation to be damaged.
	Q	In what respect? It is damaging the foundation?
	A	It is causing the foundation to be pulled downward and outward with respect
to the house.
	Q	And have you inspected the plans of this home? Have you inspected the
foundational plans?
	A	I have inspected the plans.
	Q	Do you have an opinion as to whether the landslide has, in the past, caused
physical damage to the portion of the home above the surface of the ground
level?
	A	Yes.
	Q	And what is your opinion?
	A	That it has caused damage to the portion above.
	Q	Now, do you have an opinion as to whether this land movement, or landslide,
has stabilised since the time of your first observing it, to the time of your
last observing it?
	A	Yes.
	Q	And what is your opinion?
	A	My opinion is it is not stable.

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	When you saw "A" standing in position -- strike that -- do you see any
features on the individual sitting here in court that you recall seeing on this
person that held the rifle on the night of the 18th of February.
	MR. STPHAO:  Your Honour, I'm going to object as beyond the scope of
cross-examination.
	THE COURT:  Overruled. You may answer.
	THE WITNESS:  This individual that I see in court has a few of the same
features as the individual who held the rifle. His hair is parted the same way.
It is the same length and colour. His facial features appear to be the same man
that robbed me.

---

	MR. SEYMORE:  Can we take a short break, counsel?
	MR. ERICKSON:  Okay. Sure. Okay. That's fine. We'll go off the record for a
five minute break. Okay, let's go back on the record. The time is now 11:28 a.m.
Miss court reporter. Miss. Can you please read back the last question that I
asked? Thank you very much.
BY MR. ERICKSON:
	Q	Can you answer the question?
	A	Well, honestly, I'm not very clear about the dates.
	Q	Mr. Alverez, did you -- did you stop working voluntarily for Steven
Peterson, or did he -- did he terminate your employment there?
	A	No. He fired me. I didn't quit.
	Q	Now, going back to your employment with Chili's. I'm sorry, Chili's
Restaurant. You indicated earlier in your testimony that you weren't injured at
this employment. Is this correct?
	A	At that place, yes, that is correct.
	Q	Now, at your employment with Chili's Restaurant, have you ever told any of
your co-workers that you had a back injury while working at the Chili's
Restaurant?
	A	No. Not to my boss. But, to my co-workers, my friends that work with me,
yes, I did.
	Q	Your friends that work with you at Chili's?
	A	Yes. My co-workers that I work with there.
	MR. SEYMORE:  Your co-workers at Chili's?
	THE WITNESS:  Yes.
BY MR. ERICKSON:
	Q	So were you injured, then, at Chili's Restaurant?
	A	Well, not now that I'm working there, but that happened when I was working
for Steven Peterson.
	Q	Okay. Going back to your employment with Steven Peterson at Miller Cleaning
Services, did you ever have any injuries?
	A	You mean working with him?
	Q	Yes.
	A	Well, honestly, yes.
	Q	And how did you injure yourself?
	A	I slipped on one of the mats -- on the floor mats -- and I fell with the --
the grill from the ovens in my hands.
	Q	So, you slipped on the floor mat? When was that? Can you tell us when that
happened?
	A	Honestly, I don't remember the day that it happened.

I don't know  KWROEPB
I don't remember  KWROERPL
I don't recall  KWROERL
