Mississippi 348
South Platte 442
Cleveland 560
Minnesota 882
Sioux Falls 923
Alaska 399
Merced 906
Tennessee 900
Colorado 450
Whitewater 730
Greenwood 834
Iowa 387
Kansas 743
Trinity 715
Detroit 486
Ohio 830
Tupelo 204
Greencastle 864

now, yet, say, get, hold, new, old, let, arm, sat, then, must, home, left, came,
give, make, back, most, year, man, out, she, how, hear, gone, has, her, day,
took, came, work, down, more, see, night, same, made, find, them, fall, wash,
need, part, make, head, cool, gave, time, cash

It is a case of Spring fever.
The garden needs landscaping.
Is there enough merchandise?
You need fresh air and sunshine.
Sell the painting at the auction.
Does the cat have a scratching post?
How many are there in stock?
The coupon is stapled to it.
The view is spectacular.
The chair needs new paint.
The tubing has worn out.
Try to increase your speed.
His stride is longer than mine.
Is she still in isolation?
Try a lighter shade of yellow.

These bags, that ball, this foot, see those, this chair, hit these, those times,
sign these, leave this, those flocks, that sack, ask these, strike that, try
these, this book, those trails, watch that, these checks

pad, pads, bid, bids, cad, cads, fad, fads, kid, kids, side, sides, dad, dads,
pod, pods, wade, wades, weed, weeds, sod, sods, head, heads

---

We are now ready, ladies and gentlemen, for the last chapter in this case. We
have been hearing for the last couple of days. These instructions I am about
to give you are to be considered by you as a whole. In other words, no single
instruction is to be weighed apart from the context of all the instructions.
In civil cases such as this, the affirmative of the issue must be proven. The
affirmative here is upon the plaintiff as to all affirmative allegations of
the complaint. Upon the plaintiff, therefore, rests the burden of proof of
such allegations. In civil cases, a preponderance of evidence is all that is
required, and by a preponderance of evidence is meant such evidence as when
weighed with all that opposed to it, has more convincing force. Evidence may
be either direct or indirect. Direct evidence is that which proves a fact in
dispute directly without an inference or presumption, and which, in itself, if
true, conclusively establishes the fact. Indirect evidence is that which tends
to establish a fact in dispute by proofing another fact which, though true, does
not of itself conclusively establish the fact in issue, but which affords an
inference or presumption of its existence. Indirect evidence is of two kinds:
namely presumptions and inferences.

To gain proficiency in any skill requires a great amount of focus, patience,
and discipline. Court reporting is certainly no exception. Court reporting is
a skill that not only requires great concentration, but also includes a great
deal of physical skill. I attribute my success so far in the art of learning and
performing stenography by comparing it to that of an athletic endeavour. Court
reporting students are asked to achieve a whole lot in a short period of time.
One must not only learn a new language, and develop one's own style within that
language, but also must become a virtuoso on their instrument, and enter into
the business world with an ability level that most likely surpasses any other
entry level position in virtually any other field of business. Sound scary? It
is, and it should be. Becoming a court reporter isn't easy. Success, though,
is attainable through organisation, and having a solid practice routine that
touches upon all the elements of machine shorthand. It is these two factors
that form the foundation of success that will carry you through court reporting
school. As with athletics, a student must not neglect any element of training
that will ultimately help them to realise their goals. Take, for instance, the
sport of weightlifting. It can be overwhelming to enter the weight room of a
fitness centre, and start an exercise routine that will lead to your proficiency
as a weightlifter. What machines should one use? What muscle groups should one
work? How should one keep track of their progress? Understanding how the body
builds muscle is the first objective that you must achieve. It's the equivalent
of having a strong foundation in your are court reporting theory. In order to
devise a solid and organised routine, one must first have the knowledge of the
skill to do so.

A presumption is a deduction which the law expressly directs to be made from
particular facts, such as, for example, as the presumption that a witness speaks
the truth, to which I shall refer a moment later. Unless declared by law to
be conclusive, a presumption may be controverted by other evidence. Direct or
indirect, but unless so controverted, that jury is bound to decide in accordance
with the presumption. An inference is a deduction which the reason of the jury
draws from the facts proved. In a case such as the one here presented, there is
no legal presumption of negligence, but negligence is a fact which, like other
facts alleged by the plaintiff, must be proved by her to entitle her to recover.
Therefore, I instruct you that neither the mere happening of the accident
involved, nor the filing of the complaint, nor the fact that injuries have been
sustained by the plaintiff because of an accident raises any presumption of
negligence. In determining credibility of a witness, you should consider whether
the testimony of any witness is in itself contradictory, whether it has been
contradicted by other creditable witnesses, whether the statements made by any
witness are reasonable or unreasonable, whether they are consistent with other
statements or with the facts established by other evidence.

You are in the gym because you want to make your body stronger. But, there are
many elements that need to be addressed. In order to be physically fit, one must
spend an equal amount of time on each muscle group, devote a portion of the day
to cardio exercise, and give attention to stretching and flexibility. All of
these elements, when put together, make up what one needs to be truly successful
in the sport of weightlifting. Likewise, court reporting students are faced with
many elements that need to be addressed. You have four categories to contend
with: jury charge, literary, two-voice Q&A, and multi-voice. Each category
requiring an equal amount of time to master. Additionally, you must devote
a portion of your practice regiment to drill work, finger drills, numbers,
dates, times, cities, and states. And a significant amount of time to briefs
and phrases, conflict resolution, and proper names. You must allow yourself an
opportunity to write at controlled speeds, and you must set aside a time to
write at speeds that are out of your comfort zone. You must dedicate a portion
of your practice to straight copy material, so that you can better identify your
hesitation words, and then you must allot an appropriate amount of time for
practicing and drilling those hesitation words. You need to consistently enforce
your theory background, and properly identify concepts that are giving you
trouble.

---

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	What position was it that you hired Ms. Ross for at Bill West?
	A	The branch manager job.
	Q	And did you make clear upon hiring her what the agency did?
	A	Yes.
	Q	What was your understand of what Bill West Agency did?
	A	It was a service agency.
	Q	How had Ms. Ross heard of your company prior to applying to the position?
	A	She knew someone in the company who told her of the job opening.
	Q	Who was that person?
	A	I don't recall.
	Q	Was it Jill Morris?
	A	That might have been the person. I seem to remember a different name.
	Q	Could it have been that you knew Jill Morris by another name?
	A	That could be it.
	Q	You don't recall a Jill by another name?
	A	No, I don't.
	Q	Could it have been Jill Phelps?
	A	As a matter of fact, I knew Jill Phelps had married. Her name might have
been Morris, but I don't think that was the same person who recommended the job
to Ms. Ross.
	Q	Do you have any reason to believe it was not this person?
	A	I seem to recall a different name.
	Q	Did you know whether Ms. Ross was married when you hired her?
	A	I knew she was not married.

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Please state your name for the record, please.
	A	Steve Hansen.
	Q	And who do you work for Mr. Hansen?
	A	Writer North.
	Q	How would you like me to address you today?
	A	Steve is fine.
	Q	And please address me as Craig. We took your deposition a couple weeks ago,
and we talked at the beginning about just the procedure of the deposition. Do
you need me to remind you of all those things?
	A	No, that's okay, thank you.
	Q	Okay. One thing I will note, though, is that if you need to take a break at
any time, that's fine. The only thing I would ask is if there's an outstanding
question, that you just answer the question before we take a break, and further
as we go forward today, I want you to be wary of providing any information that
is possibly privileged, based on communications with your attorney. I ask a
question that you think calls for privileged information, please clarify it with
me?
	A	Okay.
	Q	But don't offer up that type of information?
	A	Understood.
	Q	I'm not entitled to that information, and to the extent, I ask a not-great
question that could call for that kind of information, I want you just to note
it for me.
	A	Sure.
	Q	Okay?
	A	Understood.
	Q	I put before you deposition exhibit number 1. It's an amended notice of
video taped deposition of defendant, Writer North L.L.C. Is that a fair
statement?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Have you seen this document before?
	A	I'm not sure. I don't remember.
	Q	Have you seen --
	A	Oh, I'm sorry, yes, yes, yeah, I have.
	Q	Okay. When did you see it?
	A	I don't remember the exact date.
	Q	Ballpark is fine.
	A	It's several months ago.
	Q	Okay.
	A	Yeah.
	Q	Was that the last time that you saw it?
	A	That was the earliest time that I saw it, yeah.
	Q	When was the last time that you saw it?
	A	Probably yesterday.
	Q	Okay. All right. Now, you understand that this is a deposition pursuant to
federal rule of civil procedure 30B6. Do you understand that?
	A	Yes.

---

BY MR. MORRIS:
	Q	And he was one of the riders that you saw behind you? Unlike the others that
had passed you, the one that was involved in this accident was one of the riders
that did not appear to be riding poorly. Right?
	A	Yes.
	MR. MORRIS:  That's all the questions I have. Thank you very much.
	MS. REYES:  I have a couple follow up to yours. I apologize.
	MR. MORRIS:  Okay.
BY MS. REYES:
	Q	So, the rider that was involved in the accident. Once he came next to you
and passed the double yellow lines and into the eastbound lane, did you consider
him to be riding poorly at that point.
	MR. MORRIS:  Object. As calling for speculation assuming that she knows what
the rider was doing. He may have been trying to get out her way. I don't know.
	THE WITNESS:  I can't tell you whether he was being reckless. Obviously, what
he did killed him, so what else can I say.
	MS. REYES:  Okay.
	THE WITNESS:  Sorry.
BY MS. REYES:
	Q	He passed you at a high rate of speed?
	A	Yes.
	MS. REYES:  And that's all that I have.
	MR. MORRIS:  And obviously the same -- obviously if the lady would have
signalled, and turned -- and not turned to the left, I guess he wouldn't be
dead, either, would he?
	THE WITNESS:  I don't know.
	MR. MORRIS:  Correct?
	THE WITNESS:  That's correct.
	MR. MORRIS:  I don't want to bore you with any more. I want to thank you once
again. Counsel, you're complete, right?
	MS. REYES:  Yes.
	MR. MORRIS:  All right. I want to thank you very much, ma'am, for your time. I
want to put on the record that I didn't bring a witness check with counsel's
permission -- your counsel's permission, I will mail a cheque, just to let you
know it's not being -- it's not a payment for your testimony. It's a witness fee
that you're certainly entitled to, and mileage.
	THE WITNESS:  I am?
	MS. REYES:  Yes.
	MR. MORRIS:  Yes, you are.
	THE WITNESS:  I did not know that.
	MR. MORRIS:  Could I get your estimated mileage?
