argument, art, attack, attempt, attention, authority, back, balance, base,
behaviour, belief, birth, country, cover, crack, credit, crime, crush, cry,
current, curve, damage, danger, daughter, day, family, father, fear, feeling,
fiction, field, fight, fire, flame, flight, flower, fold, food, jelly, join,
journey, judge, jump, kick, kiss, knowledge, land, language, laugh, low, lead

capability, legibility, acceptability, adaptability, instability, sensibility,
irritability, possibility, excitability

What is the capability of the computer? The legibility of the document is in
question. Does the legibility of the contract affect your decision. We are
interested in product acceptability. The acceptability of her ideas may cause
some problems. She does not use any sensibility. When making a decision, John's
mental instability worries me. Her instability caused her many problems. What
is the degree of adaptability? The consumer adaptability to the product has not
been proven. Jamie's irritability is annoying. The medicine causes irritability
and tiredness. What is the possibility of an acquittal? Is there any possibility
of a hung jury in this case? Too much coffee and tea can cause excitability.

According to the property description, the lot is 60 by 100 feet. The house has
approximately 1500 square feet of living space. The master bedroom is 12 feet
by 18 feet and the other two bedrooms are 12 feet by 13 feet each. There is a
family room that is 10 feet by 15 feet and a small kitchen and dining area. The
living room is 13 feet by 15 feet. The house also has 2 1/2 bathrooms.

Torque belt, wing blade, driveshaft, dual pulley, variable speed, belt tension,
spindle shaft, caster fork, felt washer, caster wheel, drill press, fuel filter,
brake shoe, dust shield, space retainer, bracket support, hairpin cotter, double
groove, cutter housing, sharp blade, air cleaner, pivot nut, ignition switch,
brake drum

A cute kitten has an acute case of cat fever.
Please mark a cross on this drawing to show where he went across the street.
They reached an accord on the price on a cord of wood.
He is a ward of the court and cannot spend his award.
Fred bought a side of beef and set it aside for the winter.
I assure you that fleet lady in the fifth race is a sure thing.
He wanted to buy a Ford convertible but he couldn't afford it.
He said that a round-trip to work is about 10 miles if he goes around the lake.

---

Part of the problem is that doctors and their female patients sometimes have
difficulty recognising that coronary heart disease symptoms typically seen in
women: shortness of breath, intermittent pain at rest, may differ from the
classic symptoms seen in men, such as crushing chest pain and pain down the
left arm. One way women can protect themselves: get complete information about
cholesterol levels. Women with high total cholesterol due to high HDL, the
good cholesterol, may not have an increase risk of coronary disease. On the
other hand, some women with only slightly elevated levels of cholesterol levels
may have a high LDL, the bad cholesterol. And therefore be at increased risk.
Putting of pap smears, many women know they should have these screening test
for cervical cancer regularly. Yet, according to experts, 1 in 4 women hadn't
had a pap for at least three years. The American college of obstetricians and
gynecologists recommends yearly pelvic exams for women who are or who have
been sexually active or who have reached the age of 18. Some experts feel that
low risk women can safely wait up to three years between tests but skipping
annual paps is risky for higher risk women such as those with multiple sexual
partners. Ignoring calcium, 1 in 2 women over the age of 50 will suffer an
osteoporotic fracture. These include the spinal breaks that cause the dowager's
hump and hip fractures that can lead to death. To prevent osteoporosis, take
steps now. A woman's bone mass peaks by about age 30. After that, it decreases a
slight amount every year until menopause, when the loss accelerates. The higher
you start your peak bone density, the better off you are, explains Dr. Aleen
Hoffman, Director for education at the Women's Health Programme at Mt. Sinai
Medical Centre. The National Academy of Science recommends 1000 milligrams of
calcium each day for women ages 19 to 50 including pregnant and lactating women,
and 1200 milligrams for women ages 51 and over. Two cups of skim milk and an
18 ounce carton of yogurt together provide about 1000 milligrams. Not knowing
family history, knowledge of which diseases in your family, specially those that
developed before age 50 in first degree relatives such as parents and siblings,
can sometimes help determine which tests a woman may need and when. For example,
a woman has about a 1% lifetime risk of developing ovarian cancer. However,
the risk jumps to 5 to 9% for women whose mother or sister had the disease.
Such women usually are counselled to have a blood test and ultrasound screening
every year, in addition to regular pelvic exams. Similarly, knowing if breast
cancer runs in your family can help you decide when to begin mammograms. Experts
usually advise women to start having yearly mammograms 5 to 10 years earlier
than the age a first degree relative developed breast cancer, but generally
not before the mid-to-late 20s. The last but most important part is skipping
exercise. You say "no time"? Regular exercise is one way to save time since it
gives you more energy for the rest of your day. In addition, it fights stress,
a risk of a slew of diseases and boosts overall health. It also promotes weight
loss making for one less thing to worry about. Health experts recommend 30
minutes of physical activity per week. Even things like housework, walking, and
gardening count. Muscle-strengthening exercises are also very important.

I am concerned about the points raised by Mr. Gilmore. First, a robbery is a
robbery whether property is taken from the person or the immediate presence
of the victim. Immediate presence does not require that the property be taken
within the actual presence of the victim. A property can be taken within the
same house from one room to another as soon as one act which is endemic to the
robbery takes place in the presence of the victim, then the property is deemed
to have been taken within their immediate presence. Secondly, Mr. Gilmore says
that there is no sequence of events. I disagree strongly with that. I think that
we certainly did present a strong suspicion as to what the sequence of events
was. At the hearing, we had Mr. Stanley saying that Brian left his house and
therefore must have arrived at his own house somewhere between 3:00 and 3:10
in the afternoon. If you recall, he said that Brian left his house saying that
he was going home. The boys live right across the street from each other. So,
if that is to be believed, Brian got home between 3:00 and 3:10. The car was
seen parked behind the Duncan house at 3:15 to 3:30 and it appears that Tom
Wilson saw the car at approximately 3:15. Thus, if we adopt this sequence of
events, Brian was already in the house when Snyder got into that house intent
on robbery. Thus, it would be hard to believe that Snyder in fact took all of
the property out of the house and then in some way confronted Brian Duncan. Why
would he? He would have left the house and there would have been no need for a
confrontation. And above that, entry was made via the master bedroom window.

The first issue for your determination on the claim of the plaintiffs is
whether at the time and place of the incident complained of, the plaintiffs
were invitees on the premises owned by, or in the possession of the county. A
person is an invitee on land or premises when an owner or the person that is in
charge asks them to enter or remain there for a purpose, directly or indirectly
connected with the business of the owner or possessor connected to business
dealings between the visitor and owner or possessor. As distinguished from
benefit or convenience merely to the visitor, such a person remains an invitee
as long as he or she uses the premises in the customary manner or in a manner
in which the owner or possessor of the premises might reasonably have expected
and at a place where the visitor was invited or where he or she was permitted
to be or where he or she might reasonably have been expected by the owner or
possessor.

---

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Did you see who the person was presenting the card for purchasing?
	A	Yes, I did.
	Q	Who was that?
	A	The gentleman is sitting at the table on the end. The third one from the end
of the table.
	THE COURT:  For the record, the defendant, Peter Robson, has been identified.
Are we ready for cross-examination?
	MR. STPHAO:  Just a few more, your Honour.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Was this card presented for merchandise that was obtained from your store?
	A	Yes, it was presented for merchandise.
	Q	I have no further questions at this time, your Honour.
	THE COURT:  Is there any cross?
	MR. EUFPLT:  Yes.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	What is the date of that particular card, ma'am?
	A	Let's see. The card was dated August 15, 2013.
	Q	Had you ever seen my client, Peter Robson, prior to August 15, 2013?
	A	No, I had never seen him.
	Q	Have you ever seen him since?
	A	Yes, Mr. Robson was in the store on one occasion shopping.
	Q	So you have seen him twice prior to coming to court?
	A	That's correct.
	Q	Was Mr. Robson pointed out to you by the detectives as being the defendant
in this case when you came to court?
	MR. STPHAO:  Your Honour, I am going to object to that question. There has
been no foundation laid for this.
	THE COURT:  Overruled. You may answer the question.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	But you recognised him, having seen him on two occasions?
	A	That's true.
	Q	What was the total length of time that you had to observe my client at the
time that you approved that particular transaction?
	A	Let's see. I was called approximately three minutes.
	Q	Did you stand and talk with him for three minutes?
	A	I asked him questions about his identification. I looked at his
identification, then I looked at him and verified the identification and then we
accepted the cheque -- excuse me -- the card.
	Q	I see.
	A	And I initialed it on the computer.
	Q	What was the name of the cashier that called you?
	A	Sabrina Parkins.
	Q	Ms. Chatworth, how long have you word at Macy's?
	A	For over 5 years.
	Q	Where is the Macy's located? In what city?
	A	55 Plaza Park in Madison.
	Q	Now, Ms. Chatsworth, how many purchases are paid with a card?
	A	How many?
	Q	Approximately.
	THE COURT:  He's asking is it around 25%? 50%?
	THE WITNESS:  At least half the purchases.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Are all of these cards approved by you?
	A	No, they are not.
	Q	I am now handing you what has been marked as defense number 4 for
identification. And I ask you to examine that particular card.
	A	Yes.
	Q	Have you ever seen this card before?
	A	Yes, I have.
	Q	What were the circumstances under which you saw this card?
	A	I accepted the card from the defendant.
	Q	Was that rendered in payment of some purchases to be made at your store?
	A	Yes, it was.
	Q	What was the date the card was accepted on?
	A	August 16, 2013.
	Q	And do you know who it was that presented the card to you?
	A	Yes, I do.
	Q	Who was that?
	A	The defendant. That gentleman there.
	THE COURT:  The record may reflect that the witness has again indicated the
defendant.
	MR. EUFPLT:  Your Honour, may I ask one further question?
	THE COURT:  All right.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	At the time this second card was presented as payment for a purchase, was
there any identification that you examined at the time that you took this card?
	A	Yes, there was. I took a Wisconsin driver's license and a signature.
	MR. EUFPLT:  I have no further questions, your Honour.
	THE COURT:  Thank you very much. You are excused.

---

BY MS. GIFFORD:
	Q	Okay, and she was with the van?
	A	Correct, yes, she was.
	Q	And did you enquire of her? Did she some over to you and say "I was the
driver" or something like that?
	A	I believe I walked up to her.
	Q	And what did you ask her?
	A	I asked her if she was driving the vehicle.
	Q	And what did she say?
	A	She stated "yes". She wanted to inform me that she spoke very little English
and at that time, due to the situation, I felt it was necessary to call a
Spanish-speaking officer to the scene.
	Q	Okay, sure. And you called -- who did you call?
	A	I just called and requested a Spanish-speaking officer.
	Q	From dispatch?
	A	From dispatch, yes.
	Q	And did they send one?
	A	Yes, they sent Officer Mendoza.
	MR. WEBSTER:  I'm sorry, did you say Mendoza?
	THE WITNESS:  Yes, Mendoza. I'd have to report to the -- refer to the report
for the correct spelling.
	MS. GIFFORD:  Please do. Go ahead.
	THE WITNESS:  The spelling is M-e-n-d-o-z-a.
BY MS. GIFFORD:
	Q	And had you known Officer Mendoza before this accident?
	A	Just in a coworker-type situation. Coming and going at the office.
	Q	Just saying "hi" and things like that?
	A	Yes, correct.
	Q	You didn't know him personally, in other words?
	A	No, not on a personal level.
	Q	Of course you're happy to see him because he can speak Spanish, is that
right?
	A	That is correct. I needed him to translate for me.
	Q	He was able to converse and speak with the lady, Ms. Santiago?
	A	Yes, that is right. He spoke to her.
	Q	And you could see that -- that they were actually conversing? With your
eyes, you saw them talk with one another?
	A	Yes.
	Q	It did not appear as though they were having any difficulty conversing, did
it?
	A	No.
	Q	You know enough about Spanish that when you hear Spanish, you can hear it?
	A	Yes, I know some Spanish.
