account, act, addition, adjustment, advertisement, agreement, air, amount,
amusement, animal, answer, apparatus, approval, committee, company, comparison,
completion, competition, condition, control, cook, copper, copy, cork, cough,
education, effect, end, error, event, example, exchange, existence, expansion,
experience, expert, fact, fall, humour, ice, idea, impulse, increase, industry,
ink, insect, instrument, insurance, interest, invention, iron,

can I, did I, if I, some of the, were the, when I, to you,

Did I remind you that Friday, March 29, is the last day to file your application
for admission. Can I be of any assistance to you in some of the areas that you
might find confusing? On our website, everything is explained in detail. When
I sent you your admission packet, were the catalog and test information also
enclosed? If I did not enclose those items with your application, please let me
know. I will send them to you immediately.

suing, arresting, helping, saying, riding, testifying, calling, telling, losing,
failing, driving, buying

Jake is suing the company for damages. He is suing his wife for divorce. The
arresting officer is present. He is in the process of arresting a suspect. Are
you helping at the Friday night pot luck? Stacy is helping to serve. After
testifying, he left the courtroom. Are you testifying on Tuesday? Was he riding
his bike? He was riding his motorcycle. They are saying he is guilty. Are you
saying he is out of town? We have been calling her every day. They will be
calling Mrs. Smith to testify. Was Sam telling the truth? I'm telling you the
truth. He is losing the election. She is losing weight. Are you failing history?
I am not failing any of my classes. Was Tom driving the car? My family is
driving to the East Coast in August. He is buying a new car on Wednesday. Are
you buying a new house in the city or a house in the suburbs?

territory, member, memorandum, memoranda, influence, influential, only,
responsible, respond, response, responsibility, further, anxious, behind,
beyond, begin, began, begun, gun, agent, agency, America, American, Boulevard,
authorised, authorisation, authority, area,

---

I was driving down the highway on my way to work. I travel that road every day.
There was nothing unusual about the day in question except, unfortunately, it
was the day the defendant hit my car. I would say I was going approximately
65. I know everyone always says that but it's the truth. I was going the speed
limit. I rarely speed. Maybe if I'm late, I might go 67 or 68. Ask anyone who
knows me, they'll tell you too. My best friends make fun of me and tell me that
I drive like an old woman. I have never even gotten a ticket in my life. I try
to do the right thing but he hit me. And now my car is totalled.

Couple of points: basically, it appears that the -- we're alleging the arrest
was illegal. The first person to mention sex was the police officer. The first
person to mention a specific amount was the police officer, if one occurred,
would appear to be done by the police officer. In addition, very briefly, the
items we're attempting to suppress on independent grounds, even if the arrest
was legal, were contained in the desk area some distance away from the room
where my client was arrested. No search warrant, no consent. It cannot be termed
to coincide with the arrest. It certainly was not within arms reach. My client,
as a matter of fact was never seen at that desk at all prior to her arrest.
She was in the custody of the police officer. Either handcuffed or not, still
under his control, at the time she was inside the room. Then, apparently let
out and down the hallway and ultimately out of the building. So, the items that
were seized cannot be justified under any of the theories that are permissible
and it certainly cannot be incident to an arrest. Since the arrest was some
distance away and well beyond the necessary area that the courts have deemed
improper. Your Honour, I submit to the court that the arrest was legal. It's a
misdemeanour committed in the officer's presence. He has a reasonable belief
that that misdemeanour has been committed in his presence. The argument that
Mr. Van Hoys is trying to use is that it was illegal because the officer -- I
presume it's kind of like an entrapment argument but that would not really be
the issue in the 1538. That would be a trial issue. The issue really is whether
or not the officer at that time had a reasonable belief that a crime had been
committed in his presence, which I submit to the court that he did subject
to that arrest. He seized certain items. Those items were in plain sight.
They had been items that he had seen before. They related to the defendant's
participation in the crime on the premises identified by her as being part
of the premises and were and related then to the crime itself. I think he
would have a reasonable belief that those items do relate to the crime that he
arrested Ms. Colbert for. Under those circumstances, it would be a reasonable
seizure. The issue is not addressed, I don't think, as far as the medication
that was found in her purse on booking. I submit, first of all, the arrest
is legal. Therefore, the booking -- the finding of the search is legal. The
medication -- finding the medication is legal. And the question really then is
because if there is any significance whether the officers threw any medication
away. I submit to the court an item was found but has no value or sense. It has
been destroyed in terms of pitch and it has no probative value for the defendant
in terms of guilt or innocence other than that item would have no significance
either to her guilt or a good faith destruction of that evidence should not
result in its suppression. Based upon that, I submit the matter. I don't believe
the plain sight doctrine applies. We don't have items of contraband here. These
are not items that are susceptible to being seized upon the sight of a police
officer. They very well may be in evidence, I may concede that point. But,
that simply isn't enough. The law doesn't state that you can seize evidence
any time that you want to, even if its in plain sight. If it's not contraband,
I would submit there is no consent by the officer's testimony. The arrest is
a great distance away. It can't be testified as an incident to the arrest.
There's no warrant. It's the people's burden to come up with a justification
for the seizure and merely state it's in plain sight and it is evidence is not
sufficient. For it to be in plain sight, it has to be contraband and these
items certainly are not. It is the officer could have come back at a later time
with a search warrant. He could have arrested Ms. Colbert at any future date
that he wanted to. They could have torn the whole place apart, perhaps looking
for records and other items. He chose not to do so. So, to go ahead at that
time, the law says that that is simply impermissible. And those items should be
suppressed. I'm restating earlier grounds as to hitch on the medication.

Carol Parish of Rosewell, Georgia was a preschool teacher with a husband, two
children, numerous volunteer activities, and not much spare time. I hate to
admit this, she said, but I haven't been to the doctor for a routine physical
since my six year old was born. I just didn't get around to it. Sound familiar?
Probably. According to experts, women's biggest health mistakes have to do
with not paying enough attention to themselves. It's not always easy to shift
the focus from work and family to oneself. But, the likely pay-off, a longer,
healthier life, is worth the trouble. Underestimating heart disease, surveys
have shown, that about 40% of women consider breast cancer their leading cause
of death. But, that distinction belongs to cardiovascular disease, which kills
more than half a million women a year; more than all cancers combined. Also,
some doctors are slow to recognise heart disease in women. A study at the
University of Illinois of Medicine found that only 38% of women were referred
for further the testing following an abnormal stress test. Compared with 62% of
men, women were diagnosed and treated for heart disease only half as often as
men in the first three years after the onset of symptoms.

---

	THE COURT:  Please try to tell us what happened that night.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Did you hear something strange?
	A	Yes. It was them three boys banging around and talking real loud in the old
man's house.
	Q	Is the house directly behind yours?
	A	Yes.
	Q	When you heard the voices coming from the house, what did you do?
	A	I peeked out the window to try and see them.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Where do you live Mrs. Chapman?
	A	I live at 215 Wildwood Drive.
	Q	Is that located inside the city limits?
	A	No, it is in the suburbs.
	Q	Do you own your own automobile?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Do you frequently drive into the suburbs from the city?
	A	About once a week, yes. I do my weekly shopping at that time.
	Q	Then you are familiar with dense city traffic.
	MR. STPHAO:  I object to counsel's line of questioning. It has already been
established that Mrs. Chapman, at the time of the accident, had in her
possession a legal driver's license for this state. She has apparently passed
the examination for such a license and is qualified in traffic.
	THE COURT:  The point is well taken. Objection sustained.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	All right. Would you classify yourself as a average driver or an above
average driver?
	A	I would say that I was an average driver.

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	What did you see at that time?
	A	The boys were going through the old man's chest of drawers.
	Q	Then, they did not see you standing in front of the house?
	A	No, I was going to yell at them to stop it, but they was kind of big and I
was scared.
	Q	What else did you see?
	A	Well, after they dumped a lot of things out of the drawers and couldn't find
anything, and then they let Kiki out of his cage.
	Q	Kiki?
	A	The parakeet. He began to fly around the room and they started jumping and
hitting at him. Poor little fellow. He didn't know what to do and they had him
all scared and everything. Then they grabbed him and just squeezed and squeezed
until he couldn't breathe no more.
	Q	He died?
	A	It was murder, that's what it was. Just plain murder. Them boys ought to go
to the gas chamber just like any other murder.

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Ms. Chatsworth, in the course of your employment as the manager of the
clothing department at the Macy's, do you approve of the charging of credit
cards at the store?
	A	I approve cards that are brought to my attention by the cashiers that are
either lacking in identification or if they have some questions about them at
all, they call me for an approval.
	Q	Okay. I am handling, or handing you now, what has been marked people's
number three for identification and I ask you to examine this particular card.
Do you recognise anything about this particular card?
	A	Yes. Originally I didn't take the card. My assistant took it. She called me
up on the interstore line for approval.
	MR. EUFPLT:  Your Honour, I'm going to object to anything the assistant
manager said.
	THE COURT:  All right. Non-responsive.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	All right. Did you have occasion to see the card in your store?
	A	Yes, I did see the card.
	Q	What were the circumstances under which you saw the card?
	A	I was called to the checkout station number 49 for approval of the card and
I did approve it with two identifications. The approvals are on the paperwork in
the computer. Here they are. A Wisconsin driver's license and a signature.
	Q	And are your initials indicated anywhere on there?
	A	Yes, on the front, in the right hand corner.

---

BY MR. BURNS:
	Q	Did you make any stops in any way in the area where the accident happened?
	A	No.
	Q	Do you have any particular memory as you sit here today, and even going by
the location where the accident happened with Officer Lewis?
	A	No, I do not.
	Q	Prior to the beginning of your field training with Officer Lewis, had you
been by the area where the accident happened before in your life?
	A	Not to my knowledge, no.
	Q	Okay. Without telling me any addresses, can you tell me what at the time of
the accident, what city you lived in?
	A	I lived in Santa Anna.
	Q	And then after your field training, three months, was completed, around
January of 2014, what did you then do with the CHP?
	A	I then began patrolling as a solo officer.
	Q	And where did you start to patrol?
	A	I began patrolling many different areas for the next nine months.
	Q	Okay. Let's start in order. I'm going to try and do things in order so
you'll follow me. As soon as you finished your service or instruction what was
the first area that you were assigned to patrol?
	A	Well, it doesn't really work that way. It will change for every day of the
week.
	Q	Okay.
	A	Where we patrol --
	THE COURT:  Why don't we do it this way: tell us all the areas in that next
nine period where you patrolled.
	THE WITNESS:  I patrolled the majority of the work days or the -- the
workweek.
	MR. BURNS:  Let's do it however you want to do it.
BY MR. BURNS:
	Q	What was your work week by the way?
	A	I typically would work Tuesday till Sunday and/or -- I am sorry, Thursday
through Sunday. It was a four-day workweek. On Thursday and Friday I would
usually work somewhere along the 5 and the 10 Interchange area.
	MRS. ALFRED:  An area you've become very familiar with.
	THE WITNESS:  Correct.
