weather whether, continue, request, question, between, machine, accomplish,
afternoon, remit, material, problem, program, become, became, event, eventually,
perhaps, depth, width, length, strength, concern, observe, opposite, department,
ordinary, superintendent, appreciate, appreciation, represent,

comment, communicate, commend, compare, committee, complete, compel, comfort,
complement, complicate, competent, combine,

The judge made no comment.
The comment was misunderstood.
Will you communicate with your broker?
We cannot communicate with the agent.
We will commend him for a job well done.
I commend you for your effort.
The committee met on Friday.
Is he on the planning committee?
Did you complete your training?
Where is the complete set of tools?
You cannot compel him to answer.
Can you compel him to testify?
The man gave the girl a complement.
Did you complement the waiter on the good service?
Don't try to complicate matters.
Please don't complicate the situation.
Is the doctor competent?
Is he competent to stand trial?
He will compare the two items.
Did you compare the prices for me?
She enjoys the comfort of a warm fire.
Did the mother comfort her daughter after the accident?
How do you combine the two recipes?
The court reporting school will combine all of your grades to compute a grade
point average.

I have copies of the five invoices.
They are dated January 13, February 21st, March 9th, April 30th, and May 16th.
I believe the invoice dated January 13th is number 18540.
The invoice dated January 21st is number 99501.
The invoice dated March 9th is number 38954.
The invoice dated April 30th is number 73668.
And the final one dated May 16 is number 47725.
If your Honor please, I would like these invoices entered into evidence.

get, give, go, come, keep, let, make, put, seem, take, be, do, have, say, see,
send, may, will, about, across, after, against, among, at, before, between, buy,
down, in, off, on, over, through, to, under, some, such, that, this, I, he, you,
who, and, because, but, or, if, though, while, how, when, where, why, again,
ever, far, forward, here, near, now, out, still, then, there, together, well,
almost, enough, even, little,

---

We would like to bring to your attention to the fact that your account is nine
weeks past due. We don't like to email letters of this type, and fortunately
this is the first time we have had to email to your company. We want to be
sure you are aware of the situation and let you know we hope you'll bring your
account current. Sometimes these things happen with new customers because they
are unsure of the terms of their account. Our wish is to continue serving your
needs. Kindly remit your payment to the Home Savings Bank. Again, we want to
continue your business relationship in the years ahead. And this is the only way
we can. If we do not hear from you, your credit privileges will be suspended.

This did not mean I became a saint. I often hung out on campus in front of
a statue of St. John the Baptist arguing about politics, religion, or just
about anything. I remember red faces and laughter. It was great. Particularly
since I knew in those days that I was never wrong, but at least my weapon was
my intellect, not my fist. If anyone had told me back when I was flipping the
coin that I was going to be some big man on campus, I would have laughed in his
face. But, in my sophomore year, I was made head of the English majors society,
reporter for the school paper, president of the drama club, and in 1991, my
family watched with pride as I received my degree. I left that place with a
dream: to be a writer. I would hear about Joe Thompson from my mother from time
to time. There were always stories, almost legends, about his successes. His
cracking a witness's story on the stand, or, getting in some powerful person's
hair. For all his tough style, though, there was a sweetness to him, shown in
his pro bono work with disadvantaged folks. Maybe it was the flip side of a
desire to control those around him that drove him to try to improve people's
destinies. He was, in fact, so emotional that fellow lawyers called him the man
with onions in his pocket, for his tendency to cry in court. Still, I had no
idea what he had done for me, but it was a kind of tribute to him, I guess, that
I found myself once more in front of Brother Gregory, pleading the case of a
buddy of mine who was having trouble in another school. The dean seemed amused
by the deja vu, but agreed to let Ian Willowski, a Jew, enrol. And Ian, too,
graduated after being immersed in the world of great ideas. I like to think that
Joe Thompson started a chain of failed kids helping one another that continues
to this day. Several years ago, I heard that Joe, in his 80s, and crippled from
arthritis, had suffered an aneurysm and was in frail health. Perhaps even worse,
he could no longer practice law. He was deeply depressed. It finally dawned on
me that I had never thanked him. This man, who had buffaloed me to straighten
up with a single act of kindness. So, I got a copy of my first published book
and wrote inside "Dear Joe, enclosed is the first book I wrote. I thought you'd
like to know that things are going very well. I'm a full-time writer. Six books,
happily married, and I have three great children. But I wanted to say that none
of it would have happened without the love and belief that you gave me that
summer day in 1987. I'll never forget you. Love, Tom". A week later, I got a
note from Joe, obviously written with difficulty. Dear Tom, you made an old man
cry. Thank you, Joe. Two weeks later, Joe Thompson passed away. At the funeral,
his widow, Dorothy, told me my note had pulled him out of the doldrums. As I
left the funeral home, for the first time, I understood. I may have given Joe a
few days of happiness, but he gave me my life.

patents, copyright, registered, inventor, intelligence, infringement, monetary,
injunction, author, composer, designer, artist

A substantial number of individual, businesses and corporations find it
necessary to secure patents or copyrights. A patent is a registered right of the
inventor to make use and sell his invention. A patent is valid for a period of
seventeen years. The patent application should be filled out carefully. There is
a small filing fee which must accompany the application, or to be paid online.
A suit for patent infringement may be brought. Such suits are costly and time
consuming. However, if an infringement can be proved, monetary damages and an
injunction are available. A copyright is the registered right of an author,
composer, designer, or artist, to reproduce, publish, and sell their works.
Books, music, art, and other original material which are the result of the skill
and intelligence of the creator. Copyrights are granted for a period of 28 years
and may be renewed for a second 28 year period. The holder of a copyright may
sue anyone for damages who violates that copyright. Copyrights may be held by
individuals or by a company such as a publishing company.

individual, reporter, verbatim, clerk, testimony, record, bailiff, courtroom,
oath, swear, presence, juror, administer,

There are several individuals in the courtroom at the time of trial. These
include not only the judge, the attorneys, the plaintiff, the defendant, and the
witnesses, but several other individuals whose presence is necessary. The clerk
of the court keeps a record of each case that is tried. The clerk administers
the oath to the jurors and swears in each of the witnesses. The bailiff or other
courtroom attendants maintain order in the courtroom and remain on call to
assist the judge in carrying on the business of the court. The court reporter
records verbatim all testimony and colloquy.

plaintiff PL-F defendant D-FT

---

vehicle SRAOEBG
skid mark SKPHARBG
roadway ROEU
speed limit SPHREUPLT
point of impact POEUF/PHABGT
motorcycle PHOEUBG
ambulance PWHRAPBS
seatbelt SPW*ELT

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Did you get out of your vehicle after the accident?
	A	Yes, sir.
	Q	Did you notice any skid marks on the roadway?
	A	No.
	Q	Nothing further.
	THE COURT:  Mr. Sagan, cross-examination.
	MR. EUFPLT:  Thank you.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	How fast were you going at the time of the impact?
	A	I would say about 35 or 40.
	Q	What is the posted speed limit there?
	A	I want to say 50.
	Q	Are you sure that is the speed limit?
	A	Pretty sure.
	Q	Okay. What was the point of impact? Where on your vehicle did the motorcycle
hit?
	A	On the back of my vehicle. Near the left taillight.
	Q	Were you wearing a seatbelt before the accident?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Okay. Did you call an ambulance?
	A	Yes, sir. As soon as I pulled over after the accident, I called an ambulance
so they could check on the driver of the motorcycle.

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Would you state your full name for the record, please?
	A	Lawrence Patrick Adams.
	Q	Where are you presently employed?
	A	In the city the Chicago.
	Q	In what capacity?
	A	Police officer, assigned to the robbery division.
	Q	For how long have you been so employed?
	A	19 years.
	Q	Were you ever employed with any other police department before the city of
Chicago?
	A	With the city of Rockford.
	Q	Did you receive your police training at the Illinois state academy?
	A	Yes, I did.
	Q	As part of that training were you taught how to write and prepare reports
for all types of situations? Robberies, traffic violations, murders, assault and
battery et cetera?
	A	Yes, that's correct.
	Q	Would you tell me, very briefly, what is the specific purpose of writing a
detailed robbery report?
	A	To document the occurrences of the robbery. What happened prior to and
during the robbery, and after..
	Q	For what purposes is that report written?
	A	For use at later dates. As documentation for statistical purposes, follow up
investigations, apprehending suspects.
	Q	So you take down statements to assist you in the investigation?
	A	That is correct.
	Q	Were you called to the scene of this particular robbery?
	A	Yes, I was.
	Q	How were you called to the scene?
	A	By radio call. A dispatcher.
	Q	You were in a black and white vehicle?
	A	A marked police vehicle, yes.
	Q	Were you the only investigating officer?
	A	No, there was one other officer that assisted me, Kenneth Nash. Another unit
arrived approximately three to four minutes after we did, as a back up.
	Q	Is that a common practice?
	A	Yes, sir.
	Q	It is correct that one officer has primary responsibility for the
investigation?
	A	Normally yes.
	Q	Who was that?
	A	That was myself. My partner and I.
	Q	What determines who is primary?
	A	The officer who receives the call. At this particular time, it was our area,
and it was our assigned call.
	Q	Then the other unit just happened to be coming by and saw the investigation
going on?
	A	No, they also copied the radio call and pulled in to assist us as it was an
armed robbery.
	Q	Do you have any memory of what took place on that particular day?
	A	I remember the day very clearly, yes.
	Q	Obviously, details like dates and times and names and things like that, you
can only remember from the report?
	A	That is correct, yes.

---

BY MR. CLARKE:
	Q	So you want to go to the hospital or doctor right now because of the pain in
your back?
	A	As soon as my medicine wears off, yes.
	Q	Okay. As we sit here right now, though, with the medicine that you have
taken --
	A	My pain is at a 9.
	Q	So you're finding it very hard to sit here today?
	A	Correct. Yes, I am.
	MR. NARY:  Please feel free, by the way, to walk around, or if you need to lie
down on the floor. Whatever makes you feel better.
	THE WITNESS:  Thank you very much.
BY MR. CLARKE:
	Q	Okay. I want to ask you were there things that you did apart -- before this
injury that you can't do anymore?
	A	Yes, there are.
	Q	Can you tell me what some of those things are?
	A	Things that I am not able to do?
	Q	Outside. Let's start with outside of your job because we know that you're
not in your job right now. I'll ask you a couple and maybe they'll spark some
ideas for you. Can you drive a car?
	A	Yes, I can.
	Q	So pressing on the gas pedal or on the brake, is that all right for you?
	A	No, not really.
	Q	For you to drive your car?
	A	No, it hurts when I do that.
	Q	Did you drive your car here today?
	A	No, I did not.
	Q	How did you get here today?
	A	My boyfriend drove me.
	Q	Okay. Do you drive your car at all or any car at all?
	A	Sometimes. Only when I have to.
	Q	When you say "sometimes", how often would you estimate?
	A	Probably once a week or a couple of times a month.
	Q	Okay. When you sleep at night, do you feel pain, or are you able to go to
sleep?
	A	I feel pain. It wakes me up in the middle of the night.
	Q	Do you succeed in falling asleep?
	A	No.
