I the and to a you of in we it for that is your have be are not as at this with
but on if all so me was very my had our from am

if I was, if I were, if the, if you believe, if you believed, if you feel, if
you felt, if you have, if you recollect, if you remember, if you should, if
you want, if you wanted, if you were, if you would, I can't imagine, I didn't
imagine, I don't imagine, in addition, in an effort, in each, in effect, in
evidence, in fact, in lieu of, in my opinion, in other words, in order, in order
to, in our opinion, in reference, in respect, in regard, in spite of, in the,
in view of, in your opinion, in your own words, inasmuch as, insofar as, into
account, into effect, into the, is also, is that, is that all, is that a fact,
is that correct, is that right, is that not

Of the sound. Of the zoo. Of the pole. Of the bird. Of the nail. Of the door.
Of the ship. Of the dock. Of the rain. Of the sand. Of the style. Of the spade.
Of the pile. Of the mat. Of the nest. Of the fork. Of the pants. Of the shark.
Of the lip. Of the cart. Of the tape. Of the road. Of the wind. Of the jet. Of
the wick. Of the year. Of the pipe. Of the cap. Of the jack. Of the joke. Of the
house. Of the pot. Of the vine. Of the light. Of the car.

skoal, cervical vertebrae, clavicle, scapula, sternum, humerus, ribs, ulna,
radius, carpals, flanges, vertebral column, ileum, sacrum, coccyx, ischium,
femur, patella, tibia, fibula, tarsals, metatarsals, flanges

The air is frigid outside in February. Can you pay the freight bill. It was just
a freak accident. There was a dent in the front fender. There is frost on the
lawn. I think that Fred is too frugal. The baby was fretful all night. Fry the
ham for supper on Friday. Put the plans on a flat surface. There is a flaw in
the wood. Floyd will be back in a flash. I must say that Frida is a flirt. The
device is much too flimsy. The wind made the light flicker. The pilot filed his
flight plan. He will flip-flop on the issue. Is her flaxen hair a fraud, said
fresh flowers to flossy. Be sure to floss your front teeth. The frozen stream
will not flow. My friend ordered the flounder. She will flee with fright. He
flew over the frozen tundra. The log was free to float away.

---

I came down the hall to take a letter to the main office. I did note that the
floor had been waxed because I did say to Mr. Mason that the floor looked very
nice. He said that he wondered why they had waxed the floor on Tuesday. They
usually do it over the weekend. As I turned the corner, my feet just went out
from under me. And the next thing I knew, I was on the floor. I knew right away
that something was wrong with my arm. I must have fallen on it cause it was
twisted behind me. My elbow and shoulder hurt and I had hot pains going all the
way up. I just sat on the floor and did not do a thing. I felt shocked and hurt.
Then, Mr. Mason ran over and tried to help me get to my feet. It was hard to get
up and I felt weak all over.

Members of the jury, each party in this case charges the other with violating
certain statutes of the Traffic Act. It is the law of this state that a
violation of any of the provisions of the Highway Traffic Act by a person
operating a motor vehicle upon a public highway shall be prima facie evidence of
negligence. This presumption of negligence, however, may be rebutted by evidence
showing that the statute in question was not violated, or by evidence showing
a reasonable ground for such violation. The driver of a motor vehicle whose
vision is obscured by snow and wind, or other conditions must exercise care
and caution with the situation. The factors to be considered when determining
a driver's negligence are the speed and control of the vehicle. The extent of
visibility and the degree of care and caution required under the circumstances
definitely appears that both motorists were driving at a speed lower than the
maximum permitted under the Highway Traffic Act. But the fact that the speed of
a vehicle is less than that permitted by law does not relieve the driver from
the responsibility of reducing speed when special hazards exist with respect to
weather, visibility, or highway conditions. It was the duty of each of those
drivers to keep his vehicle in his own lane of the pavement. This collision
could not have happened if each had done his duty in that respect. It is for
you, as jurors, judges of the facts to determine when and how this accident
happened and who was to blame, whether both drives were guilty of negligence,
which substantially contributed to cause the accident, or if weather conditions
alone were responsible. Should you find that both drivers were guilty by
violation and the violation by each was a proximate cause of the accident, then
neither party can avoid liability.

This strategy is a little scary for some people, but effective at reminding
us of what's most important in our lives. When we look back on our lives, how
many of us are going to be pleased at how uptight we were? Almost always when
people look back on their lives while on their deathbed, they wish that their
priorities had been quite different. With few exceptions, people wish they
hadn't sweated the small stuff so much. Instead, they wish they had spent more
time with the people and activities that they truly loved and less time worrying
about aspects of life that, upon deeper examination, really don't matter all
that much. Imagining yourself at your own funeral allows you to look back at
your life while you still have the chance to make some important changes. While
it can be a little scary or painful, it's a good idea to consider your own death
and, in the process, your life. Doing so will remind you of the kind of person
you want to be and the priorities that are most important to you. If you're at
all like me, you'll probably get a wake up call that can be an excellent source
of change.

Most things expand as they get hotter and condense as they get colder. When
things get hotter, the molecules speed up and move farther away from one
another. When they get colder, the molecules slow down and move closer together.
When water is heated, the molecules will speed up, moving very rapidly in the
form of steam. When water is cooled, the molecules slow down, but do not get as
close together as in other substances. As the water gets colder and colder, the
molecules group together. Remember that an atom is a minute bit of matter that
is indivisible and which makes up the universe. A molecule is the smallest piece
of a substance that retains all the properties of the substance and is made up
of one or more atoms.

Mr. Speaker, I am introducing the Biannual Budgeting Act. This bill would put
Congress on a two year budget cycle and enable us to get the budget under
control. As members of the Budget Committee, we do not have enough time to
review the budget and at the same time converse, oversee, and review programs
and policies. We do not have enough time to go over new program proposals to
evaluate their merit. There are 16,500 bills introduced during Congress. The
committee must continue to oversee existing programs. Consider the extension of
ongoing programs and try to give new programs the attention they deserve, which
pushes the committee to the limit of its coping abilities. Throughout the last
year, none of the crucial deadlines have been met. These delays are symptomatic
of the time constraints that are placed on Congress each year. My bill proposes
that the first year of each two year Congressional term be devoted to the formal
oversight of programs and agencies. The second year would be used for the
passage of any new bills authorising the legislation be adopted.

---

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Now, first of all, this document was prepared by you. Is that so?
	A	Yes, sir, it was.
	Q	And it was prepared on March 18?
	A	Yes, sir, it was.
	Q	And it recites a series of discussions that you had with Mr. Stanton and
others starting on or about March 16, doesn't it?
	A	That's correct.
	Q	All right. I want you to tell us in your own words, starting with Monday,
March 16, the circumstances. First of all, did you attend a meeting on that date
with Mr. Weeks in Mr. Stanton's office?
	A	Part of the meeting was in his office, yes, sir.
	Q	All right. Suppose you tell us what occurred at that time.
	A	At the meeting?
	Q	Yes, sir.
	A	Mr. Weeks asked that we accompany him to meet with Mr. Stanton to confirm
that we were asking him to put in additional funds or sell the store. I think
that he felt at the time that Mr. Stanton would want us to back him up because
he didn't feel that he will have believed him. That's what Mr. Weeks told me.
	Q	All right. Please tell us what occurred on that evening?
	A	Well, we met at Mr. Stanton's office. It was suggested, because of the hour,
that we go downstairs to the restaurant and have dinner and talk over dinner,
which we did.
	Q	All right. Will you tell us the substance of the conversation?
	A	I really can't remember what was said. I can give you pretty much the
substance, but that's going back two years.
	Q	Well, just tell us the substance of it, because I assume that you are going
to have to testify about this for your own counsel. You might as well tell us
the substance of it?
	A	I told them that night that I was unable to give them any figure at that
time. Mr. Weeks and his accountant had been working on it and Mr. Weeks had the
figures to give to them.
	Q	Was anything else said at that time?
	A	Well, it went almost five hours. There was a lot said, but I can't --
	Q	I understand, but was there anything else said, in substance, at that time?
	A	Not that I can remember.
	Q	In other words, the substance of that conversation at that time was that Mr.
Weeks told Mr. Stanton that he needed money, and you said you didn't know how
much it was. But, they would have to find out from the accountant. Is that a
fair summation?
	A	Yes, sir.
	Q	All right. Did anybody say anything to you about putting any other money in
the dealership at that meeting?
	A	I don't think so. I think they were going to have a meeting the next day.
	Q	Did you have any discussion during this meeting about what would happen if
this money was not put in?
	A	Yes, sir. We did.
	Q	And what was that discussion?
	A	That we were going to have Mr. Weeks surrender the store to us.
	Q	Did Mr. Weeks say anything about what his understanding was?
	A	That if he didn't have the funds in there March 20, we would have him
surrender the store.
	Q	Did Mr. Weeks say anything at that particular meeting about whether or not
he had had any discussions with any representative of the corporation?
	A	Not really. No, sir.
	Q	All right. After this evening conversation on March 16, when is the next
time you had a conversation with Mr. Stanton?
	A	I believe it was the next day.
	MR. STPHAO:  Excuse me, approximately what time of the day, if you remember.
	THE WITNESS:  7:00 in the morning.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	All right. When was the next conversation that you had with Mr. Stanton
after that?
	A	The next one was the following day at home in the morning.
	Q	All right. What time in the morning was that?
	A	6:15. I think that's about right because I remember that he woke me up. I
had a small baby at the time.
	Q	What did Mr. Stanton tell you at that time?
	A	I don't really remember the substance.
	Q	You don't have any independent recollection, is that right?
	A	No, sir, I don't.

---

BY MR. CARPENTER:
	Q	Could you tell the jury, please, where Tonya lived?
	A	She lived next door to us. She lived about a quarter of a mile west of us.
My husband and I own the farmhouse and she lived there for about a year before
she died.
	Q	I am going to hand you what's been already been marked as "People's Exhibit
Number 1". Could you tell the jury what that is, please.
	A	It is a picture of Tonya.
	Q	We'll be showing the jury these photographs as well. When you say that Tonya
lived next door to you, can you describe that a little further, please?
	A	Well, she lived a quarter of a mile west of us in a farmhouse that we own.
Her rent was going to go up. She wanted to live some place cheaper, so I said
"why don't you move closer to home and we'd really give you a good deal on
rent". So, she took us up on it and, you know, we enjoyed having her there.
	Q	All right. I know you talked briefly about Tonya's background, but did she
have any post-high school education?
	A	She went four years to Oregon State. She graduated in 2002 from there.
	Q	And Oregon State, that's in Oregon?
	A	That is right, yes.
	Q	After that, I think you've already talked briefly about the kind of work
that Tonya went into, but can you describe that a little more fully? What type
of work did she have?
	A	Well, in her final year at Oregon State, she started work at Misty Rose
Photography in Portland, Oregon. And then after she graduated, she continued
working with her, and then she said she wanted to own her own business. So, she
decided -- she started Photography by Tonya, and she also worked part-time for
Car Shop magazine.
