barley 6,354
butter 1,236
alfalfa 8,525
cotton 4,833
grapes 1,889
corn 5,300
milk 1,998
rye 6,961
flax 2,323
wheat 8,525
sugar beets 2,884
vegetables 1,552
potatoes 5,720
artichokes 4,872
grapefruit 9,291
tangerines 8,363

frown, quiz, twine, star, dream, glare, grey, brown, twin, clot, sweat, twig,
float, sneer, score, slim, share, cloud, thus, stall, flax, snake, twin, clap

that room, those days, this horse, those girls, frame these, hold that, these
boys, those facts, pull this, that booth, these sticks, this brush, those kids,
that pool, plant these, ask those, that house, those decks

carpool incentives, systematic evaluation, complementary dinner, substantial
ranking, technical controversy, consistent minimum, numerous improvements,
preferable selection, licensed subcontractor, necessary collaboration, greater
emphasis, maximum participation, thorough investigation, selected intermediary

grain, sharp, drill, black, shoot, threat, drain, chair, bless, skate, cross,
cream, spur, child, flush, prompt, crack, slud

bum, suck, fame, pick, same, lick, lame, tyke, frame, knack, hum, trek, jam,
bleak, flame, flak, rum, wreck, blame, break, chrome, crack, home, make

---

This is an independent organisation. They fought for independence. Have you
read the morning paper. Independence Hall is in Pennsylvania. Bring paper and
pens. He has an independent income. She enjoys her independence. His work is
independent of this office. Did you read all of the paper? How do you think the
independents will vote?

In this case, there has been a certain conflict in the testimony of the expert
witnesses. You must resolve that conflict. To that end, you must weigh one
expert's opinion against that of another. The reasons given by one against those
of the other, and the relative credibility and knowledge of the experts who have
testified. Thereupon, you shall find in favour of that expert testimony, which,
in your opinion, is entitled to the greater weight.

In this case, since there are two officers, I would have one officer guard the
suspect, and the other officer stretch his hand out and shine a flashlight
over that fence to see if there was somebody on the other side. I am very
safety-oriented, and I like to protect myself. Next, I would not approach the
suspect until he had a proper search. My first contact with the situation was an
FBI course that I took, and they listed a number of officers that had been shot
with their own guns. It is recommended that when you approach, you give your gun
to your partner, and he stands off some distance to one side, so that you are
not in a crossfire. If he did have to fire, he wouldn't hit the other officer. I
am talking about at least six feet, so that the suspect couldn't lunge and grab
his gun. There have been a considerable number of cases where the gun has been
taken by the officer. So, I would have held off until such time as the suspect
was in position for a proper wall search. And that is where his feet are out so
far that he could not possibly push himself back. Then, at such time, if you
can reach him, grab him with your left hand by the belt, then you can sense any
movement. If he were to try to push back, he shouldn't be able to do that if he
is in the proper search position. You have control over him, and you can control
his movements. Another thing, I think probably the first order I would give him
would be to get those hands up. Get them up on top of his head. That would be my
first concern. Get those hands where I can see them. In other words, I want him
to know he had better get those hands up. Once the hands are up, and I can see
there are no weapons, then I would instruct him to go over against the fence or
the wall.

This is the case of John Evans and Ida Evans and Revere State Bank, a Nevada
corporation as plaintiffs, against Warren L. Shipman and Mary W. Shipman as
defendants. The petition in this matter is plaintiffs suing upon a note which
was secured by a mortgage that was executed and delivered to the plaintiffs John
Evans and Ida Evans by the defendants. This note, it is alleged, was pledged
by the plaintiffs, John Evans and Ida Evans, to the Revere State Bank. For
that reason, Revere State Bank has been joined to the party as plaintiffs.
The petition then sets forth that default has been made in the terms of the
mortgage by the defendants in failing to make payments as provided in said
instruments, and said plaintiffs have elected to declare the whole indebtedness,
plus attorney's fees and costs, immediately due and payable.

Mr. Chairman, it is a privilege to say a few words about the work that is being
done by this group, and to recommend inclusion in the bill of the amendment,
which was made by the senator from Vermont. When I first realised that I had
the ambition to go into government service, the senator from Vermont was the
very first person from whom I sought advice. Once upon a time, my colleague
was an isolationist, as were many others on this side of the chamber. However,
he came to realise, as others have, that the United States can no longer live
in a vacuum. Although in his early days he thought that America could be an
island, he has realised that is no longer true. Isolationism is no longer a
viable policy. Both Republicans and Democrats in the United States senate today
are pressing for enactment of this bill, and the amendments which have been
offered this morning. The funds necessary have already been appropriated, and
the appropriation will take us to the point where the United States can look
beyond its borders, and become part of the world order and give leadership to
that order. It will be able to take responsibility, and to shoulder its fair
share of the financial cost of this project. Mr. Chairman, I would hope that the
vote would be unanimous for the bill, and its amendments.

What did you expect? The legislature passed the bill. Did you buy the
economy size. He addressed the wrong person. It was difficult to contact the
administration. Who will be administering the campaign. Mr. Chairman, we can
effect some economies if we legislate these changes. I need to economise. That
memo was concerning you. You need to speak to the administrator. Mr. Smith
expects me to give the report today. He co-operates in economising. Important
legislation was on the agenda. He gave them a stirring address. I think, Mr.
President, that this is appropriate legislation. Did they amend the bill? It is
more economical to buy two.

---

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	How did you get hooked up with them?
	A	Well, my sister got me the job there.
	Q	Did she know someone?
	A	Her boyfriend did.
	Q	Okay. And what is your sister's boyfriend's name?
	A	You need his name, too.
	MR. EUFPLT:  Objection. That's irrelevant. You may answer the question,
however.
	THE WITNESS:  Well, he is now her husband.
	MR. EUFPLT:  Okay. You can go ahead and tell him the name of the person who
got you the job.
	THE WITNESS:  His name is Bill Sanchez.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	All right. Now, your father's trade is heating and air conditioning?
	A	Heating and air-conditioning, correct.
	Q	What's his business name?
	A	Carrier.
	Q	What's he do for them, because that is a big company, isn't it? I've even
heard of them.
	A	I guess he's a supervisor. I guess you could say he's a supervisor.
	Q	So, when you finish Santa Anna College, then you're going to go work for
your father?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Have you done any prior work in the air-conditioning business?
	A	No. I've worked for him for a spring break, but that was just in the shop.
	Q	And how long have you been in the business?
	A	About three years.
	Q	So this is your first time in cabinet making?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Have you had any classes in it?
	A	No. I have not.
	Q	What are you doing?
	A	As far as work goes?
	Q	Yeah. For Miller?
	A	Making cabinets.
	Q	And just tell me a little about your job, please?
	A	Well, I use a saw, and I saw things. I just make cabinets, I guess you'd
say.
	Q	Did you say that you've been lifting wood?
	A	Well, we have to pick up wood.
	Q	How heavy is the wood that you -- how heavy is the wood you are lifting.
	MR. EUFPLT:  Give him your best guess.
	THE WITNESS:  Usually the heaviest thing we lift is no more than 25-30 pounds,
maybe. I don't know.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Have you ever been convicted of a felony?
	A	Never.
	Q	How tall are you?
	A	Six foot.
	Q	And how much do you weigh?
	A	200.
	Q	At the time of the incident that we'll be talking about in more detail,
approximately how much did you weigh?
	A	About the same.
	Q	What hand do you write with?
	A	I write with my right hand.
	Q	And what hand do you work with?
	A	I work with my right hand.
	Q	Are you basically right-handed all the way?
	A	Uh-huh. Yes.
	Q	I was about to remind you about saying "yes" or "no".
	A	Right. I remembered.
	Q	Other than this lawsuit, have you ever been involved in any other personal
injury lawsuits?
	A	What do you mean?
	Q	Have you ever been involved in any lawsuits where you were suing for
damages?
	A	No.

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Okay. And can you be a little bit more specific than that? What documents
are we talking about?
	A	Sales figures. Margin figures.
	Q	Okay. So, are we talking about specifically about the spreadsheet that was
provided by Rider North to Western?
	A	I'd have to see what spreadsheet you're talking -- it was a spreadsheet. I
mean that's where the data was in. If you've got a -- if you've got an example
of the spreadsheet, I can take a look at it and verify "yes" or "no" if that's
--
	Q	Okay.
	A	What it was.
	Q	An Excel spreadsheet was produced to us in electronic form. Is that the
spreadsheet that you're talking about?
	A	If it contained all of the sales -- the history and the sales information
from, like, 2003 forward, then yes.
	Q	Did you speak with Susan West about anything else?
	A	No. It was primarily about those spreadsheets.
	Q	Was it exclusively about those spreadsheets, or just primarily?
	A	I don't think anything else was covered, but the spreadsheet information
where the information came from, what was the basis for the information.
	Q	Okay. When did you speak with her?
	A	It was last night.

---

BY MS. PEREZ:
	Q	Which attorney did he tell you to go to?
	A	The ones that I have now.
	Q	Would that be West and West?
	A	Yes.
	Q	And did he tell -- did Mr. Drummond tell you to go to the attorney's office
before you reported your injury to the employer? I'm sorry, strike that
question. Did Mr. Drummond tell you to go to the attorney's office to file a
worker's comp claim?
	A	No. He told me to go to those offices to get help.
	Q	Did you know, during your employment with Ron Sanchez that if you were ever
injured on the job, that you needed to report your injury to the employer?
	A	No. No. He never told me that.
	Q	How did Mr. Drummond tell you how to get help?
	MR. MORRIS:  I don't understand your question. What help? Counsel, I -- you
have to make the question clear to me before he understands it. What help are
you talking about.
	MS. PEREZ:  I'll ask the deponent.
BY MS. PEREZ:
	Q	Mr. Diaz, you said that Mr. Drummond referred you to the office of the
attorney for the law office of West and West to get help. Is this correct?
	A	Like, any other person could have given me the phone number for me to call
them.
	Q	What kind of help was he referring -- was he referring to?
	MR. MORRIS:  If you know, did he tell you?
	THE WITNESS:  That I could get medical help about the injury that I had. And
because of the wrongful termination.
	MR. MORRIS:  So this is after termination?
	THE WITNESS:  Yes.
	MS. PEREZ:  No, let me ask, counsellor.
BY MS. PEREZ:
	Q	Mr. Drummond gave you this information during your employment with Ron
Sanchez, is this correct?
	A	While I was working with Ron Sanchez?
	Q	Yes.
	A	No. That was after.
	Q	When did he give you this information?
	A	When I started working directly with the attorneys.
	MR. MORRIS:  Can we please take a break? I would like to speak with my client.
