bald, ball, brawn, caught, brought, bought, crawl, draw, drawn, false, fault,
fawn, flaunt, fought, gall, gauze, gawk, halt, hall, jaw, law, lawn, mall,
mauve, ought, pause, paw, prawn, raw, sauce, saw, scald, shawl, sought, stall,
talk, tall, thought, trauma, walk, wash, watch, yacht, yawn

The cave was like a grave. How do you rate your mate? Her cape was made of
crepe. The vase was made of jade. He made it to second base. The ape is in the
cage. Set the pace for the race. There is space by the gate. He was late for his
plane. The crane came yesterday. She came on stage on time. I was dismayed at my
fate. He took the rap for rape. That was the day we came. He was then declared
sane. I hate to wear that hat. Faded jeans are the fad. The shake shook the
shack.

On our shopping trip in the city, we purchased the following items: two men's
dress shirts for $46.95, three pairs of ladies shoes for $167.82, one leather
purse for $76.99, three pairs of jeans for $175.02, one dozen pairs of socks
for $28.44, and one 3-piece men's suit for $273.90. I'd say we found some great
deals.

Do the signals work? Did he take a drink? Do you see the dog? Did the plane
leave? Do you have a licence? Did the car hit you? Do you have any pain? Did
they have supplies? Do you have the time? Did the pain continue? Do they open at
10:00? Did she have children? Do you have any money? Did you see the show? Do
your brakes work? Did the tyre leave skids? Do you have any paper? Did your eyes
bother you? Did the programmes begin now? Did the company merge? Do the cars
appear the same? Did she come to the house? Do you think it will be alright? Did
you have an examination?

commercial, artificial, special, official, impartial, confidential, essential,
substantial, potential, initial, beneficial, social

What time did the commercial air? He owns a commercial shipping company. The
information is confidential. Discuss your confidential problems with your
counsellor. Is the class beneficial? The vitamins were beneficial to her health.
He is impartial to both sides. Is your viewpoint impartial? Please initial the
contract. My initial reaction was negative. Is the official called an umpire?
We received official notice of her resignation. The position has a lot of
potential. Mark is a potential candidate for governor. The special circumstances
were discussed. The package was marked "special delivery". She received a
substantial raise. We need some substantial evidence. The plants are artificial.
Is the artificial lighting effective? The essential facts were presented. She
joined a social club.

Think of the traffic jams when Donald J. Trump, future president of the United
States, travels to the New York White House for the weekend. The secret service
motorcade and police roadblocks will really mess things up around the 68-storey
Trump Tower, located on one of 5th Avenue's busiest corners. But perhaps
President Trump will thoughtfully avoid the chaos by choosing Trump's Castle,
one of his Atlantic City casinos, as his home away from home. Trump could
helicopter right to the roof just like the high rollers do in TV commercials.
Still better, the president might choose to enjoy his leisure time at his
seclude Palm Beach digs, the 118-room former mansion of serial heiress Marjorie
Merriweather Post, purchased a couple of years ago for $7 million. Okay, maybe
we're jumping the gun a bit, just because the billionaire New York developer
took out full page ads in three of the country's most influential papers last
week attacking America's foreign policy, doesn't necessarily mean he's promoting
himself as someone who could do a better job. "I just have a great interest in
the future of this country", Trump explained. Nor should too much be made of the
fact that Trump has scheduled a speaking engagement next month in New Hampshire,
the site of the first presidential primary. "I'm honoured", said Trump 41, of a
fledgling draft movement in the granite state. "But I'm just not interested".
Maybe he's not, but the ads certainly sounded like something from the campaign
trail. Running in the Washington Post, the New York Times, and the Boston Globe,
Trump's open letter ridiculed the Reagan administration's Persian Gulf policy
and demanded that our allies pay up some cash for all the protection we provide.
"The world is laughing at America's politicians, as we protect ships we don't
even own, carrying oil we don't need, destined for allies who won't help", wrote
Trump, a Republican. "And our huge deficits reduce our taxes and let America's
economy grow by the cost of defending those, such as Japan and Saudi Arabia, who
can easily pay us for the defence of their freedom". The ads cost $94,801, or
about 3/100ths of one percent of Trump's estimated $3 billion net worth. Perhaps
no one was more excited about Trump's tirade than Mike Dunbar, the New Hampshire
Republican who is organising the draft Trump Movement, and who invited Trump to
speak at the Portsmouth Rotary Club lunch on October 22. "I'm encouraged", said
Dunbar, who has never even talked to Trump, "I have talked to his assistants,
and nobody said 'hey, back off, the guy isn't interested'". That's hardly
confirmation of a candidacy. But, why else would Trump publish the ads and take
the trip to New England, one prominent New Yorker thinks. He has the answers
says long time Trump antagonist, Mayor Ed Coach, he's going to stroke his own
ego.

express, intrudes, writes, disregard, observation, reasonable, consent,
negligence, invitee, intentional, licensee, criminal, contributory, trespasser,
contributory negligence

Negligence is a failure to follow a standard of reasonable care or observation
for the protection of the interests and rights of another person. Criminal
negligence is an intentional disregard for the welfare of others. Negligence
which is caused by both the plaintiff and the defendant is called "contributory
negligence". Some states no longer recognise contributory negligence. The
trespasser is one who unlawfully enters or intrudes on another's property. An
invitee is one who enters property at the express consent of the owner. The
nature of the business which brings a person on to property determines whether a
person is a licensee or an invitee.

Ten years ago, while exploring the farm lands of his home state of Pennsylvania,
photographer Bill Coleman stumbled upon a remote valley little touched by time.
No telephone poles or electric lines, not a foot of wasted ground, he says,
just cleanliness and order, a harmony between the people and the land. Most of
the 700 residents of this self-contained, manicured valley are old order Amish,
descendants of the strict religious sect that immigrated from Switzerland to
America in the 18th Century. The Amish avoid most strangers and although they
greeted Coleman with suspicion at first, they gradually came to tolerate him
for who he is: a photographer trying to document their daily lives without
exploiting them. As he grew to know and cherish these people, he forged a
special relationship with them. I have not become a scholar of the Amish, or
read many books on the subject, Coleman says, I would rather find out about them
through small surprises, little cameos here and there. Many of the surprises
involve children. You never know what Amish children are going to do, says
Coleman. They have a love affair with day-to-day living. During the summer,
teenagers attend a Sunday evening sing. You can hear the murmur of folk songs
from half a mile away. At other times, Coleman is struck by the reverential
silence that pervades Amish life. I got to know an Amish school teacher, he
recalls. One day, during recess, I said to her "I never hear these children
raise their voices, even during play. Why not?". She said, "well, did you ever
hear an Amish adult raise his voice?". For Coleman, taking these photographs
has become a life's work. Each day I venture into the valley, he says. I expect
to be humbled by seeing something I never previously noticed. When I do, it's
sudden joy, but at the same time, I feel "why didn't you see it before? It was
here, you know". With an unobtrusive and loving, even envious lens, Coleman has
created more than just photographs. His soft, luminous, images can be read as a
diary of one man's journey to the very heart of an extraordinary people.

No claim is made in this case that the facts were sufficient to convict the
defendant on any other theory than party to a crime. If the state waved its
reliance on that theory, the convictions must be reversed. The purpose of the
law cited by the state in the first information was to put an end to the common
law difference between a person who commits a crime and a person who gives aid.
The law now makes one person vicariously liable for the substantive crime of
someone else and by its terms authorises a case like this one to charge the
defendant as a principal. The trial record does not support a contention of
detrimental effect on the defendant. The criminal complaint in this case was
quite lengthy.

---

wallet, evening, discussion, bail bondsman, particular, survivor

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Is that a man that's seated here in the courtroom now?
	A	Yes.
	Q	How long did those three men remain there at your home?
	A	Well, the exact time I really couldn't say. But, whatever time that Survivor
was off the TV is when they left.
	Q	Was it during the evening?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Before midnight.
	MR. STPHAO:  Did the three men leave together.
	THE WITNESS:  Yes.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Before they left, was there any discussion or talk going on about any
particular thing that evening?
	A	Yes. They were supposed to go and see a bail bondsman and get my oldest son
out of jail on bail.
	Q	Is that the reason that they left, as far as you can tell?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Now, did your husband have a wallet that evening?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Did he take his wallet out of his pocket that you could see?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Did he take his wallet out of his pocket in the presence of, or in the place
where Mr. Thomas was at that time?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Was that in your home?
	A	Yes.
	Q	And for what purpose did your husband take his wallet out of his pocket in
front of Mr. Thomas?
	A	Looking for his bail bondsman's card.
	Q	Was there money in the wallet?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Was that visible?
	A	Yes.

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	When you saw "A" standing in the position you described, how far away was he
from where you were standing?
	A	From where I was standing?
	Q	Yes.
	A	The distance is less than 4 feet, but I lost track of him because I was
looking at "Y" and "Z".
	Q	This individual that spoke up that was not the man with the rifle, is that
correct? The man who made the statement?
	A	In my estimation, the man who did the speaking was not the man with the
rifle.
	Q	You heard no one else say anything?
	A	Not to my recollection.
	MR. EUFPLT:  No further questions.
	THE COURT:  Redirect.
	MR. STPHAO:  I have no questions.
	THE COURT:  You may step down, sir, and you are excused if counsel has no
objection.
	MR. STPHAO:  No objection.
	MR. EUFPLT:  No objection.
	MR. STPHAO:  I'd like to have a moment to discuss something with our officer
before we proceed.
	THE COURT:  We'll take a five minute recess.
	MR. STPHAO:  Your Honour, I believe there will be a stipulation at this time
between the district attorney and the defendant, that the person who was
apprehended with the rifle by the officers was not the defendant, Mr. Harren.
	MR. EUFPLT:  So stipulated.
	THE COURT:  All right. That will be a stipulation.
	MR. STPHAO:  People call Officer Girk.
	THE COURT:  State your full name and spell your last.
	THE WITNESS:  Raymond Girk, G-i-r-k.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Mr. Girk, what is your occupation?
	A	Police officer for the city of Anaheim.
	Q	In the course of your employment as a police officer for the city of
Anaheim, did you have occasion to interview a gentleman seated at the far end of
the counsel table?
	A	Yes. Did I.
	Q	Was he known to you as Joseph Harren?
	A	Yes, sir.
	Q	Prior to your interviewing him, did you advise him of his rights?
	A	Yes, I did.
	Q	Did you use a card?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Do you have that card that you used?
	A	Yes, sir.
	Q	Did you read that -- did you read from that card?
	A	Yes, sir.
	Q	Would you read from that card now, as you did on that occasion?
	A	Yes, sir. You have the absolute right to remain silent. Anything you say can
and will be use against you in a court of law. You have the right to talk to an
attorney, to have him present with you while you are being questioned. If you
cannot afford to hire an attorney, one will be appointed by the court, free of
charge, to represent you before any questioning, if you so desire.
	Q	After you made those statements to Mr. Harren, did you ask if he understood
you?
	A	Yes, sir, I did.

---

BY MR. FAGEN:
	Q	Can you give us your best estimate as far as a month and year?
	A	The month and the year, not exactly. I don't want to say something that I'm
not sure about. I'm sorry.
	Q	Were there any witnesses when you fell?
	A	No, there weren't. No one saw me.
	Q	So how did you slip an a floor mat? What were you doing at the time that
this happened?
	A	I was moving them from the grill to the place where I wash them.
	Q	You were moving what to the grill? What do you mean?
	A	The racks, where you have the meat. Where you do the meat. I was doing those
and I was taking those to the back. That's when I slipped and fell down.
	Q	Did you report the injury to anyone at Chili's?
	A	No, I didn't.
	Q	Why didn't you report the injury?
	A	Because I didn't want to stop working. I was afraid to report it. I didn't
want to lose my job.
	Q	Now, you're alleging that you slipped on a floor mat. What symptoms did you
feel at that time at that time?
	A	I couldn't even get up. I couldn't even take the pain in my knees. It was
painful.
	Q	Did you have pain in both knees?
	A	Oh, no, no. It was only in my right knee.
	Q	When you slipped, did you fall on the floor?
	A	Yes. The metals fell on top of me.
	Q	On which part of your body did the metal fall on?
	A	It was mostly on my leg. Right here on my knee.
	MR. MEYER:  For the record, on which knee are you speaking of.
	THE WITNESS:  On the right.
BY MR. FAGEN:
	Q	Did you seek any medical treatment after that injury?
	A	No, I did not. I didn't have the money to go.
	Q	Did you request any medical treatment from your employer?
	A	No. I wasn't going to do that.
