Montgomery, Alabama 93614
Juno, Alaska 99801
Denver, Colorado 80213
Washington D.C. 20001
Honolulu, Hawaii 96811
Indianapolis, Indiana 46249
Frankfurt, Kentucky 40601
Boston, Massachusetts 02154
Jackson, Mississippi 39223
Lincoln, Nebraska 68502
Concord, New Hampshire 03301
Raleigh, North Carolina 27633
Oklahoma City, Oklahoma 73141
Providence, Rhode Island 02903
Austin, Texas 78722
Olympia, Washington 98501
Victoria, British Columbia

Alabama, Alaska, Colorado, Washington D.C., Hawaii, Indiana, Kentucky,
Massachusetts, Mississippi, Nebraska, New Hampshire, North Carolina,
Oklahoma, Rhode Island, Texas, Washington, British Columbia

14, 33, 48, 57, 91, 69, 32, 45, 23, 49, 34, 89, 76, 17, 91, 6000, 211,
347, 1146, 3289, 478, 890, 483, 799, 246, 523, 493, 4611, 8932, 7824,

---

There must be a good deal of evidence to present at trial to the jury that the
jury can understand. Evidence may exist but may not be sufficient enough to
convince a jury beyond a reasonable doubt. The evidence may also be so complex
that it is difficult for a jury to understand. The attorneys must be able to
take evidence that is difficult to understand and to present it in such a
way that common people can review it and understand it. The evidence must be
presented in such a way that the jury understands it. An attorney must not only
have sufficient evidence, but evidence that is presented in an understandable
format. The attorney must present the evidence in a reasonable format. The skill
of an attorney lies in his ability to present the evidence to the jury in the
best way. Often it is not the evidence itself but the attorneys presentation of
the evidence that wins or loses a case. The state may not have much evidence
but the attorney representing the state may be able to make the case. The
attorney must be able to understand the difference. The state must also be able
to present to the defence attorney any evidence that it may have that would
help the defendant's case. If the case has phone records that shows that the
defendant was on the phone at the time that the crime occurred, it must share
that evidence with the defence.

No one had done that before. Babe became the king of home runs. In that year,
something bad happened to baseball. Fans were excited about the World Series.
They wanted to find out which team was the best. The Chicago White Sox or the
Cincinnati Reds. But some White Sox players cheated. People all across America
found out. People were shocked. Many fans stopped going to the ball fields. A
boy saw his favourite White Sox player. "Say it ain't so, Joe!", the boy cried.
But it was. So, people just didn't trust baseball anymore. Baseball needed
someone who could make fans care again. But who was big enough to save baseball?
Babe Ruth, that's who. In 1920, something good happened to Babe Ruth. Babe went
to play for a new team, the New York Yankees. They knew that meant no more
pitching, just hitting. Babe met his new teammates in New York City. "I'm Babe
Ruth. Let's play ball!", he said. People wondered could Babe hit 29 home runs
again? "I'll hit 50 this year", he promised. "Impossible!", people said. The
season started. Game after game, Babe clubbed home runs. The more Babe hit, the
more people paid attention. "That Babe Ruth sure can hit", they said. Newspaper
boys shouted out the news: "Babe hits another! Yankees win!". And Babe was
right: he hit a lot more than 29 that year, he hit 54. "Wow, Babe Ruth really
keeps his word!", they said. Babe was changing people's minds about baseball and
Babe's home runs changed baseball. Now, every team tried to hit more home runs.
Other players even tried to copy Babe's swing. That meant more runs and more
excitement. Babe loved children, so he did something fun for them: he signed
hundreds of baseballs.

In their opening statements and closing arguments, the lawyers talk to you about
the law and the evidence. What the lawyers say is not evidence, but it may help
you to understand the law and the evidence. You are to determine what the facts
in the case are from the evidence produced in court. If the court sustained an
objection to a lawyers question, you must disregard it and any answer given.
Any testimony stricken from the court record must not be considered. The law
does not require a defendant to prove innocence. Every defendant is presumed
by law to be innocent. You must start with the presumption that the defendant
is innocent. The state has the burden of proving the defendant guilty beyond a
reasonable doubt. This means the state must prove each element of each charge
beyond a reasonable doubt. In civil cases it is only necessary to prove that
a fact is more likely true than not or that its truth is highly probable. In
criminal cases such as this, the state's proof must be more powerful than that.
It must be beyond a reasonable doubt. Proof beyond a be reasonable doubt is
proof that leaves you firmly convinced of the defendant's guilt. There are very
few things in this world that we know with absolute certainty, and in criminal
cases the law does not require proof that overcomes every doubt. If based on
your consideration of the evidence you are firmly convinced that the defendant
is guilty of the crime charged you must find him guilty. If, on the other hand,
if you think there is a real possibility that he is not guilty, you must give
him the benefit of the doubt and find him not guilty. You must not consider any
statements made by a defendant to a law enforcement officer unless you determine
beyond a reasonable doubt that a defendant made the statements voluntarily.

---

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Were you and your husband talking as you proceeded from the dentist's office
to the car?
	A	I don't remember that.
	Q	And when you reached your car did your husband help you in the car or what
did you do?
	A	No, he didn't. I just got in the car.
	Q	Did you get in the car on the passenger side of the car?
	A	On the -- yes.
	Q	You entered from the curb side of the car?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Did you notice any traffic proceeding north on Lincoln Boulevard at the
time?
	A	I didn't notice.
	Q	Did you notice any traffic of any kind?
	A	Well, there was traffic.
	Q	Do you know which way it was going or were you aware of it?
	A	The traffic was going north.
	Q	And what did your husband do upon reaching the car?
	A	He started around to get in the car on the other side.
	Q	Did he go in front of the car or in back of the car?
	A	He went in front of the car.
	Q	What is your husband's first name?
	A	Lawrence.
	Q	Did you observe your husband going in front of the car, or were you entering
the car at the time?
	A	I wasn't paying attention to him.
	Q	And when you did know that there had been an accident?
	A	I heard it hit.
	Q	What did you hear?
	A	I just heard a thump.
	Q	Where were you at the time?
	A	In the car.
	Q	You were already in the car, seated?
	A	Right.
	Q	Had you closed the door?
	A	Yes.

	THE WITNESS:  The only thing that is helpful for these individuals if they're
going to go out to a facility, a sensitive needs yard, where they have the
freedom of movement instead of being confined to a cell 23 hours a day and
that's what they're going to receive. They're not getting no "attaboys" or extra
food or extra money or -- we don't pay and we don't make promises to these
individuals.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Do you recall any officers coming out with a tape recorder and taping your
statement at that time?
	A	No.
	Q	Okay. I am going to do something. I want you to listen to something real
quick and tell me if you recall what's on this tape. If you can identify the
voices on the tape.
	MR. EUFPLT:  Your Honour, may we approach?
	THE COURT:  Yes.
	MR. EUFPLT:  My concern is that I was not aware that he was going to play the
tape, you know, and I'd like --
	THE COURT:  In front of the jury?
	MR. EUFPLT:  Yes. I would like to review.
	THE COURT:  You're aware of the tape?
	MR. EUFPLT:  Yeah.
	THE COURT:  Your objection is playing it in front of the jury to refresh his
memory?
	MR. EUFPLT:  Yes.
	THE COURT:  The reason you are playing it, to refresh his memory?
	MR. STPHAO:  Correct.
	THE COURT:  He has a point. Do you have a pair of headphones he can listen to?
	MR. STPHAO:  Judge, the entire tape is going to come in in front of the jury.
He already said he can't remember specifically what he said to the police
officer or having been taped. We play it in front of the jury. He has a
transcript. I can make a copy of the transcript for each of the jurors if the
court requests. Procedurally, I am on all fours with the law. I can play the
tape.

---

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	You said earlier that you may have mentioned to her that you suspected
fraud, but you didn't know for sure, correct?
	A	I believe I did.
	Q	You did what? Mention that to her?
	A	I believe I mentioned that to her.
	Q	Did you discuss your feelings with anyone else?
	A	I may have mentioned that to her husband.
	Q	Would anyone have mentioned your suspicion to anyone at your company?
	A	No. I don't believe that was possible.
	Q	Would your wife have mentioned your suspicion to anyone at your company
because of the divorce proceedings?
	A	I don't believe she would have done that.
	Q	Why is that?
	A	I don't think that she knew anyone there.
	Q	Do you think she knew?
	A	I might have mentioned it to her.
	Q	Was someone handling your divorce at the time?
	A	My attorney, John Horn.
	Q	Did you discuss the fraud with him?
	A	No, I didn't.
	Q	He is an attorney. Didn't you think about discussing it with him?
	A	He is a divorce attorney.
	Q	You were not too concerned about the fraud at first, correct?
	A	I was concerned about it, but I had other issues to deal with in my
personal life.
	Q	And when did Bob decide that it was no longer going to support your leave of
absence?
	A	About a month later.
	Q	You were told that you no longer had a position, correct?
	A	And that I had to pay my loans.
	Q	They paid for your courses even though you were not employed there?
	A	I was responsible for paying back my loans because I left.
	Q	How long had you worked at the company?
	A	I was starting my third year.
	Q	How much of your tuition was paid for by the company?
	A	They paid for all my business courses.
	Q	Were these courses for my job?
	A	Yes, they were required for --
