about, they, any, which, some, has, or, there, us, good, no, just, by, up, day,
much, out, her, order, yours, now, well, an, here, them, see, go, what, come,
were, know, how, did, think, say, please

Whether or not you know, whether or not you recall, whether or not you recalled,
whether or not you recollect, whether or not you recollected, whether or not you
remember, whether or not you remembered, whether or not you shall, whether or
not you should, whether or not you understand, whether or not you want, whether
or not you wanted, whether or not you were, whether or not you will, whether or
not you would, whether or not you will, whether the, whether you, whether you
are, whether you believe, whether you believed, whether you can, whether you
cannot, whether you could, whether you feel, whether you felt

They had 14 rows of corn, 17 of beans, 31 lettuce, 25 peas, 13 squash,
22 melons, 16 grapes, 24 peppers, 30 carrots, 18 cabbages, 21 onions, 19
strawberries, 26 celery, and 28 yams.

reach, ham, melt, skim, peach, dolt, botch, halt, doom, malt, watch, him, hutch,
seem, silt, match, ram, pelt, rum, dealt, catch, leech, cam, belt, fault, hatch,
hum, patch, welt, some, dam, salt, rich, tam, felt, beach, tilt, roam, which

Spring sprung when she spread sprigs. A springboard is not for spring bock and
spring chickens. He stepped spryly instead of sprinting in the spring. Spread
the spruce and sprig the sprouts. Spring wood is in spruce, not sprinklers and
sprockets. To sprunt and sprint, you must be spry. Sprat loons are caught by
springy spratters. She sprained her ankle sprawling. The spray from the skunks
spread. Under the spreading tree, the spritely sprinter sped. A springboard is
like a sprite. The sprocket was spruced up. A young proud sprout is spritely.
Your sprocket is sprung. Old men are sprier. In the springy sprite was spritely.
In the spring, we have sprinklers. He was only a sprout, but he could sprint.
Hope springs eternal. A springboard is springy.

No way! I know. No, sir. The notice. My knowing. No notice. No time. You know.
My nose. No, sir. Our notice. He knows. No luck. We know. A notice. A nose.
Knowing it. No nose.

He knows no facts. Here is the notice. He broke my nose. No, I won't go. Take
notice of it. No, I don't know. He won by a nose. No, he can't know. File the
notice. What do you know? No, sir, I can't. Did you notice it? We have no hope.
I know he'll win. They have no case. Have you received notice? He gave a knowing
glance. Why didn't I notice that? No, sir, I didn't know. We want no trouble.
The notice was too late.

---

invitation, fellowship, reservation, opportunity, stimulating, friendly

Dear friend,

This is your invitation to be our guest at a dinner party in honour of Doctor
Carter. It will be held on this Wednesday evening, March 26th at the church. The
dinner will be served in the church dining room. This will be an informal affair
in an atmosphere of fun and fellowship. There will be childcare. The dining
room entrance is on Broadway and there will be someone there to greet you. The
evening is designated not only for fun, but to acquaint you with our program.
You will have the opportunity to ask questions and Doctor Carter will answer
them. I assure you that it will be stimulating and of more than ordinary value
to people in our town. Please email back the response to book your reservations
at once. We think a large number of people will want to attend, but we will have
to stop taking reservation when we fill up our tables. I hope to see you on this
friendly occasion.

Williams and Ford Enterprises

He was low on gas. I am not sure what really happened. I know that we were
coasting to save on gas, and he was going away too fast. I knew it was just a
matter of time before we hit something because he was going too fast and it was
like a time bomb just waiting to explode. He said something about turning it off
and coasting down the hill in neutral. I remember that John kept telling him not
to do that because we knew he would crash.

In determining the effect, weight, and value of the evidence that is presented
before you, the law does not permit you to act in an arbitrary manner, but
requires that you carefully consider all of the evidence and give to such
evidence that weight, to which, when measured with your reason and experience,
it is entitled a person is qualified to testify as an expert if he has special
knowledge, skill, experience, training, or education sufficient to qualify him
as an expert on the subject on which his testimony relates. Duly qualified
experts may give their opinions on questions in controversy at a trial. To
assist you in deciding the questions, you may consider the opinion of the expert
who testifies with the reasons given for it, if any, by the expert that gives
the opinion. In examining an expert witness, counsels may propound to him a type
of question known as the law as a hypothetical question. In such a hypothetical
question, the witness is asked to assume a set of facts to be true, and then
to give an opinion based on that assumption. In permitting such a question,
the court does not rule, and does not necessarily find that all the assumed
facts have been proved. It only determines that though assumed facts are within
the probable, or possible, range of the evidence. It is for you, the jury, to
find from all the evidence, whether or not the facts assumed in a hypothetical
question have been proved. And if you should find that any assumption in such a
question has not been proved, you are to determine the effect of that failure of
proof on the value and weight of the expert opinion based on the assumed facts.

He'd been waiting for this day, and when his doctor handed him the mirror, Andy
Sandness stared at his image and absorbed the enormity of the moment. He had
a new face: one that had belonged to another man. His father and his brother,
joined by doctors and nurses at Mayo Clinic, watched him examine his swollen
features. He was just starting to heal from one of the rarest surgeries in
the world: a face transplant, the first at a medical centre. He had the nose,
cheeks, mouth, lips, jaw, chin, even the teeth of his donor. Resting in his
hospital bed, he still couldn't speak clearly, but he had something to say.
"Far exceeding my expectations", he scrawled in a notebook. "You don't know how
happy that makes us feel", Doctor Summer Martin replied, as he read the message
aloud, addressing the man who'd become his friend over the last decade. The
exchange near the end of an extraordinary medical journey that revolved around
two outdoorsmen, both just 21, when they decided to kill themselves, Sandness
survived, but with a face almost destroyed by a gun shot. The other man died.
Their paths wouldn't converge for years, but when they did, in side by side
operating rooms, one man's tragedy offered hope, the other would have a second
chance at a normal life. Two days before Christmas in 2006, a deeply depressed
Andy Sandness put a rifle beneath his chin and pulled the trigger. Instantly he
knew he made a terrible mistake. When the police arrived, he begged "please,
please don't let me die". He was rushed from his home in eastern Wyoming,
treated at two hospitals, then transferred to Mayo Clinic, where he met Doctor
Mardini, a plastic surgeon whose specialty is facial reconstruction. Sandness
had no nose and no jaw. His mouth was shattered. Just two teeth remained.
He'd lost some vision in his left eye. Mardini and his team reconstructed his
upper and lower jaw with bone, muscle, and skin from the hip and a leg. They
reconnected facial bones with titanium plates and screws. After about eight
surgeries over four and a half months, Sandness returned to tiny Newcastle,
Wyoming, where friends and family embraced him. He worked at a lodge in the
oil fields and as an electrician's apprentice. But, his world had shrunk. When
he went grocery shopping, he avoided eye contact with children so he wouldn't
scare them. He had almost no social life. He retreated to the hills to hunt and
fish. Sandness adapted. His mouth was too small for a spoon, or a fork, so he
tore food into bits and pieces. He wore a prosthetic nose, but it constantly
fell off when he was outdoors or if he did any physical activities. You never
fully accept it, he says. You eventually say "okay, is there something else we
can do?". The prospect of fifteen more surgeries Doctor Mardini had mapped out
scared him. For several years, Sandness made annual visits to the Mayo Clinic.
Then, in 2012, the plastic surgeon, Doctor Mardini, called. It looked like the
Mayo clinic was going to launch it's first face transplant programme. The doctor
let him know that he thought he might be an ideal patient for his new surgery.

---

grapevine, escrow, attorney, real estate, neighbours, restaurant

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Approximately how long did the conversation last that occurred when you were
discussing maybe renting his property?
	A	I would say about five minutes or so. It was just in the driveway and out.
That's all there was to it.
	Q	Did you hear by way of the grapevine that his property might be for sale or
lease?
	A	Yes, you can ask any of the neighbours right down the street about the
place.
	Q	Well, is there any sort of sign up that says it is for rent, or online, or
anything like that?
	A	No.
	Q	Did a particular person say Mr. Gardener was interested in renting his
property or selling it or something?
	A	No. You hear of a place for rent and everybody goes and looks at it. You
know, to see if it's something better than they have now.
	Q	I am just trying to figure out from whom you heard it?
	A	Oh, I don't know.
	Q	Did you meet somebody in a restaurant, or did a real estate broker tell you
or did you see it online?
	A	No. It wasn't a real estate broker.
	Q	There was no sign up on the property?
	A	No.
	Q	Did a real estate broker help you in finding the place that you have now?
	A	No, sir. I found it on my own.
	Q	Did you handle your own escrow for that place?
	A	Sure did.
	Q	You say you did handle your own escrow?
	A	Yes, I did.
	Q	That's interesting, because you don't go through escrow if you are simply
renting.

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Are you seeing any other doctors other than Dr. McKye for the complaints you
have now, and possibly Dr. Billick, if you have colds or flus or anything like
that? Are there any other doctors that treat you right now?
	A	I believe not.
	Q	Has any doctor -- I understand that your mother more than likely accompanies
you to these doctor appointments, right?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Have any of these doctors ever told your mother, or told you, that they
recommend that you have further tests or the further treatment or anything like
that from this automobile accident?
	A	Dr. McKye says that I have to need it for the rest of my life.
	Q	Need what?
	A	Well, my back cracked, is what he says.
	Q	Has any doctor told you that you may need surgery?
	A	No.
	Q	How do you feel as you sit here today? How does your back feel?
	A	It hurts.
	Q	Tell me where it hurts.
	A	The same places it did before the accident.
	Q	And that's between the shoulder blades and at the base of the neck?
	A	Yes.
	Q	How often do you get those pains?
	A	Constantly.
	Q	Has any doctor ever told you that you may have scoliosis of the spine?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Who told you that?
	A	Dr. Cairney.
	Q	Did you see any doctors at the Loma Linda Medical Centre out here in Loma
Linda?
	A	I think that was the one that did the bone scan.
	Q	Okay. So you had the bone scan out here?
	A	That's right.
	Q	In the San Bernardino area, you had a bone scan out here?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Okay. Let me ask you a question. You don't have to answer. Let me strike
that. Do you recall ever being examined by a doctor named Dr. Shook?
	A	That sounds familiar, yes.
	Q	Do you remember him ever seeing you or looking at you?
	A	Yes. I don't remember him, but I remember that name. Going in to see him.

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Okay. Now when you get out of bed, do you have trouble getting out of bed?
	A	Yes, I do.
	Q	In what way do you have trouble getting out of bed?
	A	Well, sitting up is really hard for me.
	Q	Okay. It is -- tell me why you believe you have trouble sitting up in the
bed. Do you think it's due to the foot? To the ankle? The back? The hip? Can you
tell me what part of getting up causes you the problems? Could it be possibly
the loss of core strength in your stomach?
	A	It is all of the above. I mean it is a lot of different things that affect
it.
	Q	Do you ever roll over? Do you ever roll out of bed by accident?
	A	No. I've never rolled out of bed, and I don't move around because it's too
painful.
	Q	When you stand up in the morning, do you have any pain?
	A	Yes, I do.
	Q	And are you able to walk to the bathroom, for example, in the morning?
	A	Yes, but it is really painful. I am really slow..
	Q	Okay. Do you need any help walking?
	A	Yes, I do.
	Q	And what kind of help do you get or use?
	A	I have to use a cane.
	Q	You said you use a cane. Is that right?
	A	Yes. I have a walker, too. But I try to get by with my cane.
	Q	Okay. And I'm just going to go through what might me my normal or typical
day that most people go through. If there is a difference for you, just let me
know. When you are bathing or showering in the morning, are you able to wash
your body when you take a shower?
	A	Only if I do it with some help. I can't do it alone.
