The van veered to the right. Vince is very vain. Can the vendor verify the
value? The invoice was voided. Was the visitor in full view. Yes, I saw her
yesterday. Your dog yelps and yawls all night. Did you buy the yacht last year?

800-400-4222
800-955-4833
714-222-4357
816-444-4485
877-428-2277
866-855-1191
877-440-6943
213-222-1020
909-713-0003
800-709-7222
866-909-8520
614-562-8862
877-422-2100
800-672-5246
888-543-3222
800-807-3068
866-665-3581
818-674-9622

A business that sells its product directly to consumers is called a retail
business. A business that sells its product through a middleman is called a
wholesale business. A business that is owned and operated by one person is
called a sole proprietorship. A business that is owned by two or more people is
called a partnership. A business owned by stockholders is called a corporation.
A corporation is governed by the laws of the state.

---

Okay. Another rule or two we have is we'll try to keep one person speaking at
a time. If I interrupt you unnecessarily, I am sure your attorney, Mr. Wilson
here, will say something, and I -- and I would ask that you would interrupt me
when I'm speaking. And the reason for that is not because we are so formal, but
because the court reporter needs to take down every word that we're saying and
prepare a transcript of what we're saying today. And that transcript won't be
clear if we're kind of talking all over each other and there are half sentences
and answers that are beginning. So, we'll try to speak one at a time and it's
normal for us to mess up on that sometimes. Please don't be offended if I ask
you to repeat something or to wait for a moment. Another rule we have is that we
always want verbal responses. In verbal conversation, it is common to shake our
heads or nod our heads for "yes" or "no". In the deposition room, you're going
-- if you mean "yes", I want you to say "yes". If you mean "no", I want you to
say "no". Because, again, the court reporter can't take down the shake of the
head, or the nod of the head, and it would be unclear in the transcript, and the
same goes for these words: these sounds that we make in normal conversation.

Perhaps you like the concept of communing with nature, but sleeping in a tent
is not your idea of fun. Here are some options to consider. Cabins. Cabins,
along with their semi-permanent cousins, known as "yurts", are available in
places ranging from commercial RV resorts to state parks. Glamping. Options for
glamping, a mash-up of "glamour" and "camping", range from luxury, safari-style
tents to throughly remodelled vintage trailers, such as those at Flying Flags,
are the resort services. Like the idea of staying in a camping trailer but don't
want to deal with the hassles? Consider service providers that will deliver a
trailer to your campsite and set it up for you. Vans. Like a turtle carrying its
house on its back, modern, van-based RVs come with all the comforts of home. To
camp farther off the beaten path, look into the four wheel drive vans built by
Fresno's Sports Mobile West.

Members of the jury, there is the second defense here that Joseph Briggs was
incompetent, and that he was easily influenced. There are a great many men who
are easily influenced and a great many men that nobody can influence. But, they
are all capable of doing business unless they are so incompetent that they do
not understand the nature of the transaction. Men who are easily influenced and
have money generally lose it, and the public, and those who deal with them are
not bound to be their guardians if they deal with them in good faith. If Mr.
Foster paid this money in good faith to Mr. Briggs, he is entitled to recover
it, unless Mr. Briggs was so incompetent that he didn't understand the nature
of the transaction and didn't know anything about what he was doing. If he had
a reasonable acquaintance with the nature of borrowing money, and giving a
note for it, he could handle his own business and be bound by it until he was
declared incompetent by some proper court and put under guardianship.

Get crafty, bring supplies for painting small stones or making sand candles.
Sing along. Print out the words to your favourite camp songs and create song
books for your group. Scavenger hunt. Add a modern twist: instead of collecting
the items, players can use their cell phone cameras to take photos to show the
judges. Take a hike. Stop by the visitor's centre at state and national parks to
pick up a trail map. Row, row, row. Paddling a kayak or canoe is a great way to
see the natural world from a different perspective. Play games. Here's a chance
to pull out the playing cards or board games that rarely get used at home. Try
the "ungame game" which uses cards containing both fun and questions to help
stimulate conversation. You'll be surprised what people will share around a
campfire.

Now was he in such mental condition at the time that he gave this note as not
to be capable of understanding that nature of the transaction? It does not make
any difference if he was, afterwards, declared incompetent. The examination that
was mentioned here was after the date of the transaction, and would not affect
any date before that time. The fact that a man is declared incompetent today by
a court does not show that he was incompetent yesterday or at any time previous.
It is for you to say here and now, as a jury, on the evidence presented to you,
whether Joseph Briggs was, at the time, he accepted money from Harry Foster in
such a disturbed mental condition that he didn't understand the nature of the
transaction.

---

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Well, didn't you see it when the police arrested you out there?
	A	This was at the police station when they showed me the hat.
	Q	They didn't show it to you when they first arrested you?
	A	Not to my knowing it, no.
	Q	Now, incidentally, how much money did you have on your person when you were
in the car with Mr. Horner after you drove home?
	A	Well, I had a few dollars and some change. I may have had a dollar's worth
of change. Maybe I had a little bit more even.
	Q	Did you drive across any curb or on any lawn at all?
	A	No, I haven't.
	Q	Now, you were walking towards the house when you noticed the policeman with
the flashlight just before he arrested you, is that right?
	A	I was on my way when I was talking, I saw two ladies standing there on the
porch.
	Q	Two ladies?
	A	Yes. Two ladies were standing on the porch, waving. When I saw the two
ladies on the porch waving, I turned around.
	Q	Why did you turn around?
	A	I turned around to go back home. When I turned back around again to go to
this liquor store, then I saw a red light flashing on the pavement. Then, I
turned around to go back home and then the police flashed the light on me and
told me to stop.

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Do you recall if a suspension occurred as a result of that?
	A	Suspended for six months, I believe.
	Q	With respect to that, you said they got you. I assume from your testimony
that you were arrested for driving under the influence --
	A	Yes.
	Q	Is that correct?
	A	Yes.
	Q	And as a result of that arrest, did you enter any plea?
	A	Guilty.
	Q	Do you know what you pled guilty to?
	A	It was called reckless --
	Q	What is your understanding of what that meant?
	A	Yes.
	Q	That you were pleading guilty to driving while intoxicated?
	A	Yes.
	Q	And do you recall any other suspensions or revocations pertaining to driving
under the influence before October of '05?
	A	How far back are we going?
	Q	As far as we can. Let's take the last 10 years.
	A	No, there wasn't anything before. It's either '90 or '91. There wasn't
anything before that.
	Q	That was your first arrest for driving under the influence?
	A	Yes.
	Q	And how many times were you arrested or charged for driving under the
influence between 1990 and our accident on October 28, 2005?
	A	It was a total of three.
	Q	Would you give me the dates as close as you can for those three before
October of '05?
	A	I don't remember the dates, but I know two of them were, like, a month
apart. Both times I was pulling my boat trailer to the lake -- my boat and the
trailer and -- no, I was coming back from the lake with the trailer and left the
boat out there. A month later, I went out there -- I rented a dock for a month.
Later, I went to pick it up and got a ticket coming back. The trailer doesn't
come back real good and it made me look like I was weaving.
	Q	You got stopped and arrested twice within about one month?
	A	Right.
	Q	That would have been August of 1994. Is that 30 days before October of 1995?
What vehicle did you drive most frequently of the ones you described?
	A	Well, I'm not sure whether it would have been the Toyota or the Ford
pick-up.
	Q	And why it is that you're unsure which one you drove more often?
	A	Because I used both.

---

BY MR. MORRIS:
	Q	Okay. And what was your address there, Ms. White?
	A	605 East Road.
	Q	East Road?
	A	E-a-s-t.
	Q	And how long did you live there, or when did you move to that address?
	A	I lived there a year.
	Q	A year. So would it be fair to say you lived there from about June of 2011
to June of 2012 --
	A	Correct.
	Q	Approximately? And before the East Road address, where did you live?
	A	West Valley.
	Q	Do you remember your address in West Valley?
	A	No.
	Q	Not -- nothing about it?
	A	It's off the 58.
	Q	Okay. How long did you live in West Valley?
	A	Four months.
	Q	Okay. So approximately since December 2009 to June 2012. Would that make
sense?
	A	What was that? Can you repeat that?
	Q	About December 2009 to June of 2012, the four months prior to the East Road
address?
	A	Correct.
	Q	Where did you live prior to the West Valley address?
	A	I worked at -- I mean -- I'm sorry, I lived off of Tustin Corona.
	Q	In -- is Tustin a road?
	A	Correct. I'm sorry. Tustin is a street in Corona. Numbers I don't remember.
	Q	Okay. And do you remember the period of time you lived at that Corona
address?
	A	I lived there for a year -- okay -- right before I moved to West Valley, I
moved there, so --
	Q	I need you to think silently because every word you utter is being typed
down by the court reporter, and you're liable to say something while you're
thinking out loud that I don't want you to do. Do you understand?
	A	Yes. So I lived there a year. So, right before West Valley.
	Q	So, you moved back to the Orange County area in 2012?
	A	Correct.
