next, being, every, night, back, use, however, because, today, believe, better,
soon, hear, credit, such until

Can you locate a copy of the new book "Night caller"? I have heard it is an
excellent novel. Every bookstore I visited today is sold out, and most do not
expect a new shipment by next week. However you may have better luck than I in
locating a copy. I believe The Exchange at the cross roads keeps at least three
copies in stock or back ordered of everything currently in print. Because I am
being very positive about your obtaining a copy for me, I hope to hear from
you soon. If such is the case, use your credit card and charge it and save the
receipt and I'll pay you back as soon as you send me the book.

in order, how much, whether or not, have been, they have, ask the,

About a week ago, we received in the mail the enclosed coupons. We have been
anxious to try these new products. Should we ask the manager of the store before
we use these coupons in order to make sure he will honour it? They have had
several discount programs at the store and we are not sure whether or not this
coupon will be honoured. Please let me know approximately how much each discount
coupon is worth.

supermarket, superintendent, superstitious, supersede, superficial, superimpose,
supervisor, superior

He possesses superior intelligence. Mr. Jones is my superior at work. Who is
your supervisor? The new supervisor is Dave Kent. He will superimpose the image
on the print. The supermarket closes at midnight. The robbery of the supermarket
took place at 2:31 p.m. He was convinced of his mental superiority. Lisa is
superficial and vain. Her ideas are superficial and selfish. The superintendent
of schools is Mr. Clark. The building superintendent is in apartment 12. My
mother is very superstitious. He is superstitious about everything. Will this
law supersede the old law enacted in 2005? Will Mr. Coates supersede Mrs. Brown
as chairperson of the board of directors?

Officer Jones' logbook indicated the time of entry was approximately 2300 hours.
The time of the shooting was 11:31 p.m. As confirmed by a neighbour, three shots
fired approximately two to three seconds apart. A car was seen leaving the
vicinity of the crime at 11:35 p.m. It took the police 3 minutes and 45 seconds
to respond to a call initiated by a neighbour at 11:42 p.m. The victim was
pronounced dead in route to the hospital at 12:02 p.m.

I ate off the plate. Dale likes his ale. He played his ace. Jane drank lemonade.
Tape up that frame. Gail is not my age. Pay a higher wage. I braced that cable.
He saved the fair. Crate up the grapes. Jason won the game. The cane lay there.
Do Jake a big favour. Grade the new papers. I may use red clay. Grace cut the
grass. My pal is very pale. The lass wore lace.

---

"Love yourself first, and everything else falls into line. You really have to
love yourself to get anything done in this world"

To cry is uniquely human, to weep for joy even more so. I cry every day. I
cry for all the years I wanted and needed to cry and didn't. I cry for the
loneliness and pain that I've felt. I cry for the sheer delight of being alive.
I cry for the pleasure that moving my body brings. And for the ability to dance
and stretch and sweat. I cry in gratitude for the life I have now. I was a cute
little girl. I loved laughing and playing with my friends. Then, when I was
eight years old, I experienced a great trauma in my life. In order to cope with
that physical, mental, and emotional nightmare, I made two decisions. First, I
wanted to be as ugly as possible. Second, I didn't want to think or feel. I knew
if I let myself feel anything it would be too much for me. So, I started eating.
When the fear came, I ate. When the pain came, I ate. By the time I was twelve,
I weighed 200 pounds. I spent most of my time by myself. Doing things with my
hands, or watching TV. Even with my brothers and sisters, I felt alone. I was
never asked out to a dance or to a movie or on a date. I was socially invisible.
By the time I was 25, I weighed 420 pounds. My doctor gave me six months to
live. My body couldn't support the fat I was carrying. I didn't leave my house
for 2 years. I literally couldn't move. I had to lose the weight if I wanted to
live. And I decided to do whatever the doctor told me to do to lose it. I lost
my first 100 pounds and I felt so light I wanted to dance. But, I started to
gain it back and I realised I needed to go deeper and deal with the root of my
problem. So, I started to go to therapy. I joined a 12-step program and accepted
the love and support of my family and friends. At 35, I cried for the first time
since I was eight. Feeling my pain was the true secret of my weight loss. Once I
turned that corner, it was up to me to continue the work and to be conscious one
day at a time. It was a process of growing self-knowledge and self-acceptance.
I continued my therapy. I started to study nutrition and I learned that for me,
eating fat is a sedative. I would watch my behaviour and monitored what brought
on my need to eat. When I found myself knee-deep in Häagen-Dazs, I stopped and
asked myself how I got there. Though there were times when I would backslide,
it was my acceptance of myself in all my strength and weaknesses that helped me
get back up and keep going. My goal was to be better, not perfect. When I see
childhood obesity now, it breaks my heart. We wouldn't dream of laughing at a
child who has no arm or leg, or who uses a wheelchair, but people will tease
and ostracise a child who has an eating disorder and is obese. We still don't
understand that the weight such a child carries, is the weight of that child's
own pain. Healing my life wasn't just about losing weight. I had to learn how
to live life as an adult. I had never learned basic social skills. Once, at
work, a man talked to me at the water cooler, and I giggled like a 14 year old
girl. I started the process of learning about relationships and growing up.
Now, at 46, I am an adult. I have become a person I truly love. My weight is
in the average range. I exercise regularly. And I have a career I love as a
motivational speaker. I recognise the good things that came from my years of
childhood pain and isolation. My love for classical music, my ability to sew,
and to do stained glass to create beauty with my hands. Even my ability to speak
well and engagingly can be traced to the many hours spent watching such great
entertainers such as Lucille Ball, Will Ferrell, and Adam Sandler on TV. I am
grateful for the blessings in my life now. And I accept the events in my life as
gifts of growth that create strength of character and strength of faith. Today,
I cry in gratitude for the life I have.

verdict, sequestered, request, hold, stipulated, public, non-jury, acquittal,
innocent, hung, guilty, deliberations, foreman, charges, jury, courtroom, jury
room, attorney

When the your retires to the jury room, they are sequestered from the public.
At this time, the jury will begin their deliberations. When the jury reaches
a verdict, they return to the courtroom. Normally, the foreman of the jury
will read the verdict. Either attorney may request that the jury be polled. A
jury that is unable to reach a verdict is called a hung jury. There are two
possible verdicts: innocent and guilty. An acquittal is when the person is found
innocent of the charges. If both of the attorneys agree, a non-jury trial may be
stipulated.

A bailiff in an officer who maintains order in the courtroom. Bench refers to
judges and to where a judge sits in court. A bench conference is a meeting
of lawyers and judges at a trial outside of the hearing of the jury. Bias
is prejudice. Burden of proof is the legal duty to perform a disputed fact.
Chambers refers to the judges office. Circumstantial evidence is indirect
evidence. A clerk is a court employee who is in charge of the records and files.
Closing arguments are statements by an attorney near the end of a trial to
persuade a jury to decide in his or her client's favour. Colloquy is discussion.

Now, on the direct examination of Mr. Meso, we went into a lengthy questioning
session. We took him all the way back to the past, 20 years, into his
employment. We showed how he started out as an electrician. Before that, a
labourer. He was also in the service. How he did heavy labour and skill-type
labour, which required him to use his arms above his head. We did that, ladies
and gentlemen, for a purpose. Not only to show what I considered to be a very
credible history of a fine gentleman in the true American tradition. But we did
that, ladies and gentlemen, for the purpose of showing that Mr. Meso was working
with that arm and doing heavy work pain free without any limitations. Putting in
many, many hours of overtime work.

---

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Did you see the dog put its teeth on Daniel?
	A	No.
	Q	Did you see the dog put its teeth on Daniel's jeans?
	A	No.
	Q	Do you see the dog pull Daniel down off a fence?
	A	No.
	Q	Okay. Do you know what skin is?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Okay. Did you ever see any of Daniel's skin in the dog's mouth?
	A	No.
	Q	Did you see Daniel fall off the fence?
	A	No.
	Q	Did you see Daniel jump down off the fence?
	A	No.
	Q	Did you ever hear Daniel cry out or yell out like something had hit him or
bit him or hurt him?
	A	No.
	Q	Did you see the dog run away after --
	A	No.
	Q	-- afterwards?
	A	No.
	Q	I've said "dog". Was it one dog who ran toward Daniel or was it two dogs?
	A	One.
	Q	Could you tell if it was a boy dog or a girl dog?
	A	No.
	Q	Do you know what breed of dog it was?
	A	Yes, Rottweiler.
	Q	Was it bigger than Max? Smaller than Max? The same size as Max?
	A	Pretty much the same size.
	Q	Had you ever seen that dog before? The one who ran at Daniel?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Where had you seen that dog before?
	A	At his owner's house at the -- in, like, a cage or something.
	Q	We're going to let you look at some photographs, okay?
	A	Uh-huh.
	Q	Let's just spread all of these out. I want you to look at all of these, all
right?
	MR. EUFPLT:  I think I should point out that the photographs show the dogs in
many different positions and it could be confusing.
	MR. STPHAO:  I understand that. So noted.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Go ahead and tell me if you can see which dog ran at your brother. Go ahead
and look at all of them first. You go ahead and stand up and separate them. Move
them around. Take your time. You don't have to go fast.
	A	This one.
	Q	Okay. Now you just pointed to the dog in photograph "M"?
	A	Uh-huh.
	MR. EUFPLT:  Is that "yes"?
	THE WITNESS:  Yes.

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	You are of the opinion that was one and the same man who earlier had entered
the store and had participated in the robbery?
	A	Yes, it was.
	Q	Just minutes earlier?
	A	Moments, rather than minutes.
	Q	You are satisfied that they are one and the same?
	A	They are.
	Q	And at the time the police arrived on the scene, did you observe "A"?
	A	No, I did not. I observed "Z" in the presence of the police officer and he
ran.
	Q	He got away at that time?
	A	Yes.
	Q	I have no further questions.
	THE COURT:  Redirect.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Did you give a description to the police of the man who you described on the
charts as "A"?
	A	Yes, I did.
	Q	What description did you give of his hair?
	A	His hair was black and very neatly cut and combed.
	Q	Was it short or long?
	A	It was relatively short.
	Q	Looking at this gentleman's hair, was it the same length as the defendant in
this case?
	A	No. I would say it was much shorter than that.
	Q	What age would you give this individual?
	A	Approximately 40. I could be mistaken on that as I told the officer at the
time. He struck me as a person who was very neat and clean and there was nothing
outstanding about him.
	Q	The man that was at the counter: was there any similarity between the two?
	A	Between "Y" and "Z", are you asking?
	Q	Yes.
	A	There was not too much similarity. I don't know what you really mean by
"similarity". Do you mean features of the person?
	THE COURT:  The colour of hair, for instance.
	THE WITNESS:  "Z" had brown hair and "Y" did not. "Y" had dark hair.

---

BY MS. DAVIS:
	Q	Can you remember?
	A	I am sorry. Without looking at the first trust deed, I can't remember the
date.
	Q	Is it your understanding that Steve used the proceeds of the sale of the
North Hollywood house and the money he was given by you?
	A	That is right.
	Q	To make a purchase, that is your understanding?
	A	Yes. A cash payment. My house I'm still paying but he had a free house.
	Q	So the house was then free and clear, and you held the first?
	A	That is right.
	Q	For $240,000?
	A	That's right. With the specific date when it was going to be paid.
	Q	When was it to be paid, Mr. Burke?
	A	Without the note, I can't tell you. You have the note, don't you?
	MR. WEST:  I am sure I have a copy of the note somewhere around here.
	MS. DAVIS:  Maybe we don't need it. Let's go on.
BY MS. DAVIS:
	Q	From what source did the $240,000 come from?
	A	It came from the trust.
	Q	And why from the trust?
	A	It goes right back to the original. I wanted everything to come out of the
trust so I could keep track -- separate bank and separate -- so on and so on.
Does that make sense?
	Q	How was that money paid?
	A	Online. I always made the payment online.
	Q	Who was the payment paid to?
	A	Have you got copies of my bank statements?
	THE COURT:  I think counsel does.
	MS. DAVIS:  I'm just asking if you remember.
BY MS. DAVIS:
	Q	Did you pay the bill to the company? Or did you pay the bill to someone
else?
	A	I can't remember.
	Q	How was title to the house originally taken? Was it taken in Steve and Kay's
name? Or, in another name? Or in your name?
	A	No, not in my name. Keep me out of it. I don't remember. They have never
told me who it was.
