One woman wore a beige wool dress and a black sweater. She carried a letter
purse. The other one wore a black silk skirt and a pink blouse with embroidery.
On the collar, she carried a jacket on her arm. One of the men with them wore
dark grey slacks, a white shirt, green tie, and a plaid sports coat. He had on a
black straw hat and he wore sunglasses. The other man with them was dressed very
casually. He wore a white tee shirt, blue jeans, and high top tennis shoes.

Manhattan Beach, 310-376-0521
Montebello, 323-725-6545
Montrose, 818-249-3971
Northridge, 818-993-1616
Palm Springs, 760-320-1121
Pasadena, 626-795-0601
Porterville, 559-784-6500
Riverside, 951-684-4250
Santa Barbara, 805-682-5811
Simi Valley, 805-522-7330
Thousand Oaks, 805-497-0911
Torrance, 310-325-3111
Upland, 909-981-2961
West Hollywood, 323-525-0018
Woodland Hills, 818-883-2660

---

We move to relieve the court reporter of her duties under the code of civil
procedure 2025, that the original of today's deposition transcript be mailed
directly to the deponent at her stated home address, that she have 30 days to
read, review, and sign the deposition under the penalty of perjury. Any changes
or corrections to the deposition transcript to be made on a separate errata
sheet provided by the court reporter, also signed under the penalty of perjury.
The court reporter to provide her with a mailing envelope with postage to my
office in Riverside and upon receipt within ten days will forward to defence
counsel a copy of the signature page, cover sheet page, and errata sheet page of
the deposition transcript. Applicant's attorney is a paperless office. We forego
the certified paper copy you normally provide. We prefer an electronic copy in
PDF format. You can email that to me if the original transcript is lost, stolen,
misplaced, destroyed, or otherwise unavailable. At the time of trial of any
subsequent legal proceeding, for which it may be required an unsigned certified
copy may be used with the same force and effect as the signed original.

When I was a student, just starting to learn my theory, I was given a writer
that I'm sure most of you have written on at some point or another. It was dark
green with an old pull out metal tray. The tripod was made out of steel, and the
whole thing weighed a ton. Part of me thought this was just some hazing prank
that I had to go through to get the nicer writers. But no, this was what I and
the rest of my classmates were stuck with. While I was progressing through my
theories classes, I fell in love with court reporting and developed a love-hate
relationship with my writer, which I nicknamed "The Avocado". For the sake of
this story, I wish I would have nicknamed it "The Pumpkin". While everybody
was upgrading to the newest and best models, I was still inking my ribbon,
reading from paper, and dreaming of the day when I could write on those magical
paperless models. I would tell my boyfriend how much I dreamed for the newest
and greatest electric paperless student writer, or how sick I was of typing up
my paper notes on a computer. I was so beyond the archaic methods of the past
and yearned for the efficiency of the future.

Ladies and gentlemen of the jury, an attorney at law, when retained by another
is entitled to fair and reasonable compensation for the professional services
rendered. There is no fixed standard by which the value of the services of
an attorney can be determined. His value and reasonable price necessarily
vary with the magnitude and importance of a particular case, the degree of
responsibility attaching to the work performed, the difficulty of the matters
involved, the time consumed, and the benefits derived. In ascertaining the
value of such services, you will exercise your sound discretion and judgment
and allow such reasonable amount as you believe constitute a fair compensation
for the services rendered, not to exceed the sum of $3,000. In determining the
value of the services rendered, you may take into consideration the fact that
at the time of undertaking the work, the attorneys bound themselves to make no
charge for their services if they failed to secure beneficial results. The fact
that these services were to be rendered on a contingent fee basis, which means
that no charge was to be made unless beneficial results were to be made for the
defendant, should be considered by you in determining the value of the services.

A few years went by and I found myself plodding away in my first speed building
class. I came home from a productive day at school to find an envelope on my
bed. I didn't order anything, so as you can imagine, I was surprised to see my
name written on the package. Dan, my boyfriend, told me to open it. Inside, I
found the student version of the CAT software I wanted inside. I squealed in
excitement, but in my head, I was thinking "he is a computer programmer. Didn't
he know that I use a manual writer?". Still, he was being so sweet. I was so
thankful and overjoyed. I promised him that I would start learning all the bells
and whistles right away, so when I was able to afford an electronic writer, I
could use it with ease. He looked at me with confusion, as though he didn't even
think about my writer, then acted confused and upset that he made such a rookie
mistake.

It is customary for attorneys to charge more when they undertake to render
professional services on a contingent fee basis because under such a contract,
no charge can be made unless beneficial results are obtained, no matter how
much actual work may have been performed. You are instructed that the mere fact
that, if it may be a fact, that the litigation did not result to such advantage
to defendant as he may have hoped it would, does not preclude the right of
plaintiffs to recover in this action if the defendant employed the plaintiffs to
prosecute the suit in question, the plaintiffs are entitled to be paid for their
services.

I've got to tell you that when I'm well into my golden years, I think I will
be able to remember those next few minutes with perfect clarity. He then went
into the closet and pulled out a much larger box. My eyes widened, my heart was
racing, and I had to sit on the bed due to shock. He let go of the package and
it plopped in front of me on the bed. He then handed me a pair of scissors.
"Open it", he told me.

---

	MR. EUFPLT:  I need to review it to determine whether or not anything needs to
be redacted in front of the jury. There might be hearsay. There might be other
inadmissible statements made by my client or by the police officer.
	THE COURT:  Well, you have a copy.
	MR. EUFPLT:  Yes.
	MR. STPHAO:  And he's got a copy of the transcript.
	MR. EUFPLT:  But I didn't redact it. I didn't know it was going to be played
in front of the jury.
	THE COURT:  Well, they gave it to you.
	MR. EUFPLT:  I already conferred with Dan -- with counsel. I believe I don't
know if counsel will confirm this, but let me know ahead of time so I can
redact. I think I'm entitled to check to make sure to redact any admissible --
inadmissible items.
	MR. STPHAO:  Judge --
	THE COURT:  Well, that's what we are here for. What parts are you objecting
to?
	MR. STPHAO:  And I should point out, Judge, this is the defence witness. A
redaction is not going to simply be on a transcript. I am going to have to send
the tape to the lab, have it redacted on -- you know, record over inadmissible
parts et cetera, et cetera. If this was anticipated, it should have been a long
time ago before now.

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	The last ground rule to give you is that we only have one ground reporter
present. It is important that we speak one at a time. If you will try and slow
down and allow me to complete my question before you start your answer, I will
attempt to extend the same courtesy to you and let you fully complete your
answers before I ask another question. Okay?
	A	Okay.
	Q	Any questions before we start?
	A	No.
	Q	Do you have a California driver's license?
	A	No. It's been revoked.
	Q	When was the last time you held a valid California driver's license?
	A	It was revoked October 28. Well, it was taken from me October 28. Then, at
the court it was officially revoked in '05.
	Q	So you have not held a license to drive an automobile or any motor vehicle
since October 28, 2005?
	A	No.
	Q	Was your California driver's license active as of the date of this accident?
	A	I'm not sure.
	Q	Do you know if your license was either suspended or revoked or restricted at
the time of this accident on October 28, 2005?
	A	I had it taken away before but I don't remember. Seems like I had it in my
possession at the time of the accident, but I'm not sure.
	Q	On how many occasions, if any, before October 28, 2005, had your license
been suspended or revoked for any reason?
	MR. STPHAO:  Let me throw in an objection on the basis of relevance. You may
answer.
	THE WITNESS:  You said I may answer?
	MR. STPHAO:  Yes.
	THE WITNESS:  Okay. Well at least once, maybe twice before that.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	And what were the circumstances surrounding the one or two times before
October '05, when driving privileges were suspended?
	A	Driving under the influence.
	MR. STPHAO:  Same objection. I didn't get it out in time.
	MR. EUFPLT:  I'll grant you a continuing objection with respect to that line
of questions.
	MR. STPHAO:  So stipulated.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	When was the last time before October 2005 that your driving privileges were
suspended or revoked?
	A	I believe it was -- when did they change that law? 1990 or '91 when it went
from .08 to .10.

---

BY MR. MORRIS:
	Q	I want to take a moment here to put my cell phone on vibrate. There we go.
Okay. My name is Jim Morris and I'm an attorney here with State Fund. My purpose
today during this deposition is merely to gather information about your workers
compensation claim?
	A	Okay.
	Q	Okay. I am not here to trick or confuse you or get you to give me
information in some strange way. It's simply to get the facts where I can get
information directly from you that will help some of the information we already
have on file or clarify some of that information. Okay. Can you state and spell
your name for the record.
	A	Marie Sue White Reyes, M-a-r-i-e S-u-e W-h-i-t-e R-e-y-e-s.
	Q	And may I call you Ms. White or Ms. Reyes?
	A	Ms. White.
	Q	Ms. White. Ms. White, have you ever had your deposition taken before?
	A	No.
	Q	Okay. So I will go over some basic rules of a deposition so that we are all
on the same page, so to speak. First of all, the court reporter just placed you
under oath and she's authorised to give those oaths. Your testimony here this
morning is under oath and will have the same force and effect as if you were in
a court of law before a judge. Okay. So, you are -- your testimony is under the
penalty of perjury. Do you understand what perjury is?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Okay. It's important that your answers be to the best of your recollection,
as honest as possible, and if you don't know something, please tell us you don't
know. If you don't remember something, tell us you don't remember. We don't
expect your recollection or memory to be perfect so just tell us. That would be
better.
