The plane arrived at 1:05 a.m. It happened at 10:50 p.m. I work from 8:30 to
5:30. She left at 12:00 midnight. We had lunch at 12:00 noon. I open at 7:00
o'clock. We met them at 9:45.

grand, quiet, separation, contempt, legal, specific, petty, fee, alcoholic,
physical, personal, sealed, privileged, deeds, criminal, lateral, intent,
consideration, past, private, deed, involved, property, reasonable, time,
usually, permitted, river, express, mutual, verbal, corrupt, extent, general,
further, foundation, property, granted, stealing.

805-794-8703
800-669-6252
714-567-3600
866-463-5248
1800-854-8175
888-250-3663
714-224-8315
877-253-0041
714-381-7364
800-821-7914
888-366-0007

A room addition is costly. This is the latest edition of the book. Low prices
affect sales. The effect of the discount was good. The aisles were blocked. I'll
let you know. We were all ready to leave. They had already left town.

---

However, if the employee abandons and turns away completely from the employer's
business to engage in some purpose wholly his own, then he is outside the
scope of his employment and the employer is released from any liability. If
the employee steps outside of his employment to do some act for himself not
connected to his employer's business, there is no responsibility on the employer
for such act. But, if the employee is, at the time of such deviation, also
serving the employer's purpose to some extent, there may be a liability on the
part of the employer also. This presents a question for the jury. The burden of
proof rests upon the defendant to proof by the greater rate of evidence that the
truck, at the time of the accident, was not being used in the business of the
company.

As New Year's Day dawns on the West Coast, most Americans are still shaking off
the previous night's champagne. But the sun rises on a distinctly different
scene at the intersection of Orange Grove Boulevard and Green Street in
Pasadena. Here, the morning light reveals a riot of colour, a great mass of
people, some dressed in white suits, some covered head to toe in a confusion of
flower petals and hot glue, stretches for half a mile down Orange Grove. Dozens
of horses wait on Waverley Drive, five blocks south of the main crush of people.
A block north of the equestrian units are the marching bands, warming up their
instruments with an enthusiasm generally saved for presidential inaugurations.

Sometimes grit and determination are wonderful motivators, but more often
than not, it takes a planned approach to accomplish what is truly to us. It
takes a plan that will help us through the rough patches when our initial
motivation wanes. It is important to note here that to be motivated requires
a strong sense of purpose, knowing what excites you, and that you establish
personal high standards. However, with that understanding, let's talk about
that action plan. First, what is it that you really want? Do you want to grow
your business? Become proficient at realtime? Obtain a higher certification?
Achieve a work-life balance? Be honest with yourself and choose something that
is important to you at this time in your life.

Ladies and gentlemen, the court instructs the jury that just compensation must
be determined upon the evidence under the instructions of the court and not
upon the statements of counsel outside of the evidence, if any such statements
have been made. Furthermore, you are not bound to believe anything to be a
fact simply because a witness stated it to be so, provided you believe from
all the evidence that such witness is mistaken or has testified falsely as to
such fact. The damages, if any, to be awarded to the plaintiff are solely by
way of compensation for loss suffered by the parents of the deceased. You can
allow no damages for pain and suffering of the deceased nor can you allow any
damages for the grief or mental suffering of the parents caused by the death
of their son. The test is in view of all the facts shown by the evidence: what
was the probable interest of the parents in the continuation of the life of the
deceased?

And then there are the floats that rise above the crowds like multicoloured
dinosaurs. Swarming on top of and underneath these mechanical beasts are
thousands of crew members making last minute adjustments, and replacing flowers
that have wilted in the winter sun. In mere hours, this scene will become the
West Coast's most spectacular tradition-rich event. Forty million Americans
will tune in on television and millions more will watch internationally. It's
a lot of pressure, especially for the float builders who make a living working
with flora, a medium that starts to deteriorate the moment they're harvested.
And yet, year after year, these professionals plus thousands of like-minded
volunteers devote a huge amount of time to the construction and decoration of
these masterpieces. Such is the allure of the Rose Parade.

Second, consider the obstacles that are getting in your way: fear of new things,
perfectionism, lack of resources, not knowing how to get started, wasting time.
Do any of these things sound familiar? Take heart that your plan is going
to address those obstacles. Third, take one of your priorities and identify
specific obstacles. Chances are it is the bad habits you've been engaging in
that have left you in a rut. I don't write clean enough to provide realtime. I
really don't need another certification. I don't have the financial resources
to market my business. Next, change that habit. A habit has three elements: a
trigger, a daily routine, and a reward. If you've wanted to write realtime, but
your daily routine is to complain about your skill level, or that there's no
demand in your area or you don't have time to practice, or you don't know how
your CAT software can help. Can you guess what your reward will be?

---

	MR. STPHAO:  I think it might. He doesn't even remember talking.
	THE COURT:  If you want, I'll send the jury into the jury room.
	MR. STPHAO:  Okay.
	THE COURT:  Thank you. We'll stand in recess until tomorrow morning at 9:15.
Parties and counsel ordered back.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Do you know John Smith's parents?
	A	Yes.
	Q	And Joe Smith and Edna Smith?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Do you know John Smith's brother Jose? The person whose car you were fixing?
	A	Yes.
	Q	You still live right across the street from them?
	A	Yes. I've been living there.
	Q	How many times have the three of you talked about this case that Mr.
Smith's on trial for.
	MR. EUFPLT:  Object. Vague.
	THE COURT:  Sustained. Maybe you can rephrase it.
	MR. STPHAO:  My math is bad. It's early. Four of you.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	How many times have the four of you talked about this case.
	MR. EUFPLT:  Same objection. Vague.
	THE COURT:  Sustained.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Have you and Joe Smith ever discussed this case or your testimony?
	A	No.
	Q	Have you and Edna Smith discussed your testimony or this case?
	A	I haven't spoken to anybody.
	Q	Have you and Jose discussed anything about this case or your testimony?
	A	No.
	Q	So even though you live across the street from the Smith household and even
though you know that John Smith is on trial for murder, you have not discussed
anything about this case even though you are going to be a witness in this case.
Is that what you are telling us.
	MR. EUFPLT:  Argumentative, your Honour.
	THE COURT:  Overruled.
	THE WITNESS:  Well, no, because I don't like to get involved in any kind of
problems.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Mr. Allen, you remember testifying at an earlier hearing about this exact
same day, this exact same circumstance. Correct?
	A	Yes.
	Q	That testimony was on January -- I believe it was January 31st of this year?
	A	Uh-huh, yes.
	Q	You were asked some questions about where you were and what you were doing
on the morning of the murder that took place on 115th and Wilmington?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Do you remember Mr. Smith's representative asking you some questions? She
was a tall African-American woman?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Before you testified, you were called to the stand and you stood right where
you stood today. You raised your right hand. You swore to tell the truth.
Correct?
	A	Yes.
	Q	The same oath that you gave today, correct?
	A	Yes.

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Is your recollection of what was contained in the police report based upon
your review of it right after the accident?
	A	Could you repeat that?
	Q	Sure. It's my understanding that you haven't reviewed the police report
since shortly after the accident. Is that correct?
	A	It had been a while after the accident before I saw the police report.
	Q	How long?
	A	I don't remember. But, I don't think I saw that for a week or two after the
accident.
	Q	Have you ever seen the police report since a week or two after the accident?
	A	I may have reviewed it, but I don't remember -- I think I reviewed it
probably a couple of times, but that would have been, like, maybe, a couple
months after or something like that.
	Q	After the accident?
	A	Yeah.
	Q	Would it be a fair statement that you haven't seen the police report since a
month or two after the accident?
	A	I don't remember.
	Q	All right. What portion of your vehicle collided with Mrs. Pretzel's car?
	A	Mrs. Pretzel's car hit me broadside about, I'd say the centre point of the
impact was between the front door and the back door, right about the post
between the doors.
	Q	Which side of your vehicle?
	A	On the passenger side.

---

BY MR. MORRIS:
	Q	Okay. So tell me after January 1st, 2004, when you twisted your knee and
foot and hip, you were put on light duty, you said --
	A	Correct.
	Q	Who put you on that light duty?
	A	The doctor.
	MR. STPHAO:  Urgent care.
	MR. WILSON:  The doctor at Buena Park Urgent Care.
	THE WITNESS:  Yes.
BY MR. MORRIS:
	Q	And do you remember his name?
	A	No, I don't.
	Q	Okay. What did light duty include? What did that mean?
	A	Light office work.
	Q	What kind of office work did you do?
	A	I don't remember.
	Q	Okay.
	MR. WILSON:  Were you on crutches when you did the office work.
	THE WITNESS:  Correct.
BY MR. MORRIS:
	Q	So, it was a job where you sat all the time?
	A	Correct.
	Q	You sat at a desk?
	A	Didn't do much.
	Q	Sat at a desk?
	A	Correct.
	Q	You had a computer at the desk?
	A	Correct.
	Q	Answer telephones?
	A	No.
	Q	Okay. You reported that your last day of work was in February 2010, and you
worked light duty until your last day of work. What happened to make you stop
working on a date in February 2010?
	A	I was hopping on this leg because I had a brace on this leg.
	Q	When you say "this leg", and "this leg", can you use "right" and "left" so
that the court reporter knows what --
	A	Left leg. I was hopping on my left leg because I was in a brace. That's when
I slipped and that's when all the twisting happened. And that's when I wasn't
able to really keep myself stable from the injuries.
	Q	So, you slipped in the office?
	A	Oh, no, at home.
	Q	Okay. And what did you slip on?
	A	On the floor.
	Q	Okay. Did you fall down?
	A	Correct.
	Q	Were you able to get up?
	A	Yes. Slowly.
	Q	Okay --
	MR. WILSON:  Let's be clear. Were you alone in the house when you fell.
	THE WITNESS:  Yes.
BY MR. MORRIS:
	Q	And you got up on your own?
	A	Correct.
