A big bulldog bit Bill. I believe Bob is biased. Barry plays baseball and
basketball. Brad is a brave boy. A man was murdered in the market. Mary mailed
it to me. Mike is a mild mannered man. Most of the men make money.

Bell Tower Club, 1200 Truckston Avenue, Bakersfield, California 93301
Gene Autry Museum, 4700 Western Heritage Way, Los Angeles, California 90027
Embassy Suites, 211 East Huntington Drive, Arcadia, California 91006
The Paseo Club, 27650 Dickason Drive, Valencia, California 91355
Skylinks at Long Beach Golf Course, 4800 East Wardlow Road, Long Beach,
California 90808
University of Redlands, 1200 East Colton Avenue, Redlands, California 92373

Brick, wood, cement, and stucco are commonly used on exterior walls. Interior
walls are normally covered with plaster, paneling, tile, or masonry. Roofing
materials include wood, shingles, asphalt, shingles, asbestos, shingles, and
tile. Doors are usually made of wood. Windows are made of glass and wood, or
aluminium. Steel, concrete block, and stone are foundation materials. Floor
materials include tile, wood, and plywood panels.

Alhambra, Apple Valley, Arcadia, Bakersfield, Bishop, Burbank, Century City,
Chino, Corona, Culver City, Diamond Bar, Downey, Encino, Glendale, Hemet,
Lancaster, Lompoc, Long Beach

---

Next, change that habit. A habit has three elements: a trigger, a daily routine,
and a reward. If you wanted to write real-time, but your daily routine is to
complain about your skill level, or that there's no demand in your area, or you
don't have time to practice, or you don't know how your cat, your software can
help. Can you guess what your reward will be? Exactly: nothing changes. You do
not become proficient at real-time which can increase your productivity or can
increase your income level. Did you know that those who were surveyed regarding
income, 53% of the CRRs earned more than $100,000 while only 30% of the PRs
and merely 7% of those with no certification earned over $100,000. Talk about
motivation!

Under the law, a probable estimate may be arrived at by taking into account the
occupation of the deceased and the income which he enjoyed, his health, age,
and the probable duration of life of the survivors. Also, the talents of the
deceased, his habits of industry, his success in life, and the amount of aid, in
money or services, which he was used to furnish to his parents. This estimate
you will arrive at from the evidence in the case. The parents had a legal claim
upon the deceased for their support, and it is presumed that they suffered some
loss. The amount of such loss is for the jury to determine. If the plaintiff is
entitled to recover in this case, he is entitled to recover the reasonable value
of doctor bills, funeral expenses, and all other dispersements paid out as a
result of the death.

How do you change that outcome? The secret is the second element, making your
daily routine something positive. What are some things that you can do to
increase your real-time skill level? Can you find 15 minutes a day to practice?
How about learning how your CAT software improves your writing? If you show your
clients the benefits of streaming real-time to them, can you then have a new
revenue stream? The value of changing that negative daily routine to one that
is positive can make a big difference in your professional life. The beauty of
this action plan is that you can apply it to so many different goals you want to
achieve. Just remember to change the daily routine to something positive, rather
than a negative. It works.

Members of the jury, the defendant, at the time of the installation, knew of the
explosive character of the gas to be used in the operation of this gas stove.
So, the question here presented is whether or not he exercised ordinary care and
prudence in making the installation which he did make. The test of negligence
in this case is the same as in other negligence cases. That is, the probability
of foreseeability of injury to someone. If the defendant might have foreseen
that under the circumstances, some injury to someone was likely to result from
his act or omission, he is liable for any injury proximately resulting. The
gas to be used in this stove was a dangerous agency of which the defendant had
knowledge and a higher degree of care is required in dealing with a dangerous
agency than in the ordinary affairs of life or business which involve little
or no risk. Such higher degree of care in such case is ordinary care under the
circumstances.

Additionally, there are specific ways that successful people stay motivated.
Choose which of these work for you in implementing that action plan. Understand
your "why", stay focused on the big picture, get active, have an accountability
buddy, create small, bite-sized goals, have fun, write down your ideas,
visualise the future. By the way, I'm so glad my sister and I stayed motivated,
and made it to Gray's Arch. It was truly spectacular, and worth every step of
those six miles we hiked.

If a person fails to exercise the degree of care required of him in dealing
with dangerous instruments or agencies, and negligently allows a danger to
exist, which results in injury to another, without negligence on the part of the
person so injured, he is answerable for the injuries so sustained. The degree
of care varies with the danger involved and where the danger is great, a higher
degree of care must be exercised. From anything the court has said or done, in
this case, you are not to understand that he has any opinion as to the facts
appearing in evidence. It is the duty and province of the jury to weigh the
evidence which has been introduced in the case and to determine what fact or
facts evidence establishes and having done so, to apply to such facts the law as
stated in these instructions.

---

	MR. EUFPLT:  I didn't anticipate it being played. I can understand if counsel
wants to use portions of that during cross-examination, but playing of the tape,
your Honour, is --
	THE COURT:  Well, he is doing it to impeach your witness.
	MR. EUFPLT:  I understand.
	THE COURT:  Obviously, he can't anticipate what your witness is going to say
or not say.
	MR. EUFPLT:  I didn't anticipate the playing of the tape. As the court knows,
a long time when police officers ask questions, it is leading questions and
inadmissible. There are hearsay statements made during these kinds of
interviews. I need to redact that.
	MR. STPHAO:  The jury can be given a limiting instruction for any hearsay
counsel has a concern with. Most of the tape --
	THE COURT:  How long is the tape?
	MR. STPHAO:  The transcript is nineteen pages.
	THE COURT:  All right. Ten minutes. Can you go into something else with him
for now?
	MR. STPHAO:  No, this is it. He implicates the defendant and he does it on a
tape in his first interview -- taped interview, with police and he does it over
and over and over and I'm entitled to that.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Mr. Allen, we were talking about a conversation that you had with the police
back in 2006, and I apologise about the delay. Do you remember having that
conversation at all?
	A	No, I don't. I just remember the one time after that incident happened.
	Q	Okay. Let me see if you remember -- if this refreshes your recollection. Do
you remember a Sergeant Winters and/or Sergeant Johnson?
	A	No, sir.
	Q	An African-American man and a Caucasian man?
	A	No, sir.
	Q	Okay. Do you remember the date February 8, 2006, at all?
	A	Do I remember the date?
	Q	Correct. Does that date ring any kind of bells?
	A	No.
	THE COURT:  Counsel, maybe we ought to cover one other item at the sidebar.
You know I am not going to let you play the whole tape, but if you need to play
part of it to refresh his memory, I can send the jury into the jury room for a
minute or however long it takes for him to listen to the tape. I don't have a
problem with that if you think it will refresh his memory.

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	You don't know whether it was fifteen or forty five. Is that correct?
	A	Well, I know it wasn't forty five, but I'd say in that area.
	Q	How do you know it wasn't forty five?
	A	I wouldn't have been going through an intersection that fast.
	Q	Because that would be dangerous and unsafe?
	A	Right.
	Q	Okay. Where were you when you first became aware that an accident had
occurred or was going to occur?
	A	On the impact. I didn't see anybody until the impact.
	Q	So you didn't have any idea that an accident was going to occur until the
point in time your vehicle collided with another, correct?
	A	Yes.
	Q	And you never saw the vehicle or vehicles you collided with until you
actually struck them, correct?
	A	I don't really know how to answer that because everything was kind of a
blur. I was thinking -- I was trying to remember -- after the accident, I
thought I saw somebody on my left, but Mrs. Pretzel hit me on the right side.
That part is pretty vague.
	Q	To what did you attribute that vagueness?
	A	Well, probably the impact. When you get hit that hard you probably lose a
bit of memory before and after.
	Q	Do you attribute that at all to the fact you were under the influence of
alcohol?
	A	Could have been a factor.
	Q	How many vehicles did your vehicle collide with that day?
	A	Well, I thought it was just the one, but the police report mentioned that
there was another vehicle involved. I don't know if that vehicle hit Mrs.
Pretzel's car. I don't think it hit mine.

---

	MR. MORRIS:  Even though we don't want you to guess, you can estimate some
things. So, for example, if I asked you when something happened, and you don't
remember the exact date or the exact month, you can still say, for example, "oh,
that happened in the spring of 2010" or "the fall of 2010", or "I remember it
was near Christmas", or some holiday. You can say things like that. That would
be an estimate, and the way I like to explain the difference between a guess and
an estimate is if I asked you, Ms. White, how much money do you have in your
purse, you'd probably be able to estimate because you know your habits; you know
when you last went to the bank, what you last spent. In other words, you have
some information to base it on. If I asked you how much money is in my wallet,
that would be a complete guess because you would have no basis to form an
opinion. Okay, so, estimates are fine; guesses are not good.
	THE WITNESS:  Okay.
	MR. MORRIS:  Do you have any questions so far?
	THE WITNESS:  No.
	MR. WILSON:  Do you need to take a break.
	THE WITNESS:  I'm okay.
	MR. MORRIS:  Okay. All clear so far. You will have an opportunity to review
the deposition transcript after its typed up and completed, and you will have
the opportunity to make changes to that transcript if you've said something in
are error. I would encourage you, though, to give your best answer today,
because if you give that transcript a month from now, and you start making
changes to it, that could proof damaging. It could be something that we could
comment on as regards your credibility or the quality of your testimony. So,
I'll urge you to take a second and think about your answer and try to give your
best answer today. All right, there's no rush.
	THE WITNESS:  Okay.
