1,433,588,000
128,750,000
580,250,000
3,452,796,000
729,483,000
2,376,004,000
51,423,401
23,947,217
34,985,389
65,567,934
27,982,238
42,558,322

licking, digging, shopping, letting, hoping, dropping, slipping, purring,
bedding, firing, shipping, wishing, catching, mashing, sagging, stirring,
naming, brimming, grating, whipping, fitting, stabbing, dipping, trimming,
carrying, robbing, catching, stashing, hiding

this train, these chores, those stores, push that, those flames, take these,
this table, those shoes, set these, this dish, these grills, those pools, these
tops, this report, see that, recall that, try those, this figure

maid, maids, need, needs, nod, nods, jade, jades, gad, gads, bed, beds, code,
codes, bud, buds, guide, guides, bead, beads, node, nodes, load, loads

sheet, fret, sweet, thief, stream, lift, froze, sway, strike, grim, fruit, then,
tread, strain, treat, sweep, third, glad

deliberate concession, subsidiary development, domestic monopoly, hydraulic
equipment, luxury condominium, orthopaedic appliance, environmental survey,
guaranteed minimum, telemarketing service, corrugated cardboard, excavating
equipment, furniture manufacturing

---

The legislator was cooperative. Who is going to be the administrator? They
asked for a new appropriation of one million or so. The economical conditions
are reflected in the buying power of the dollar. Are you experienced with the
programme? You must make amends before you continue. How long have you been
experiencing this particular problem? Her concerns are not my concern. Is there
much cooperation among members? The nurse administered medication. She always
cooperated in economising. Your expectations are unrealistic. The senator
is cooperating in amending the legislation. I expected it to be a pleasant
experience. Administer the medication every two hours. They legislated an
amendment. You are not addressing the issue. He wrote about his experiences. He
has new administrative responsibilities.

The prayer of said petition, then praise for a usual foreclosure judgement and
decree that the plaintiffs recover the principal sum of $20,300 with interest
thereon at the rate of 5% per annum plus $1,000 as reasonable attorney's fees
as provided for in the note of the mortgage and the cost of the suit. Further,
the petition asks that the court decree to the plaintiff Revere State Bank from
said principal and interest, the sum now due the bank on the $2,000 loan alleged
in the petition. And further, that the plaintiffs, John Evans and Ida Evans
have a deficiency judgment against the defendants for any deficiency remaining
after application of the proceeds of the sale of said premises on the amount
found due. The answer of the defendants admits the execution and delivery of
the promissory note and mortgage to the plaintiffs, John Evans and Ida Evans,
but denies each and every allegation contained in our petition. The answer also
states that the note and mortgage were delivered to said plaintiffs, John Evans
and Ida Evans, relying on their representations and warranty that the title to
the lands described in the mortgage was free of defects and incumbrances.

The proposal was to put a row of heavy concrete piles along the west face of the
building by drilling some borings, which varied in diameter up to 42 inches and
reinforcing these heavily with steel and tying the tops back by means of tie
rods under the house to an anchor located to the east of the house. The lower
portion of these piles was to extend deep enough into the underlying rock so
that the pile would act as a beam for support, and to compensate for a tendency
of the soil to the east of the piles to move down the slope. Along the west
side of the house was a connecting beam and at each of the locations of the
original piers, a strut was placed so that the foundation was prevented from
moving laterally due to effects of the tendency of soil to move downward. It was
assumed that where it was necessary the existing caseins would be cut off, and
the house could be jacked up until it was level. Then, concrete would be packed
above that.

If not, the plaintiffs would clear the title to the satisfaction of the
defendant's attorney, which they allege the plaintiffs have failed to do.
One other thing the plaintiffs represented, that there was an appropriation
of water for the irrigation of a portion of said lands, and that there is no
such appropriation of water to any part of said lands. Defendants then state
that they elect to cancel their agreement, and sue for monies paid to the
plaintiffs. By way of cross-petition, defendants state that there was an oral
agreement between John Evans and Ida Evans and the defendants to buy from the
plaintiffs, the land described in the cross-petition. Defendants further allege
as a part of this oral agreement that plaintiffs were to convey to defendants
all land improvements, including the first water right out of Trail Creek
for the irrigation of a portion of said land for the total sum of $25,300,
payable according to the allegation of the cross-petition. They stated that the
representation that there was a water right, was a part of the oral agreement.
They delivered their note, and mortgage to the plaintiffs, John Evans and Ida
Evans.

As previously stated, the frontage of the property is a curving line, and the
actual improvements that were going from the northerly part of the property were
in a straight line along the frontage, and then there was extension out towards
the boulevard. Then, there was another straight line back to the south. At the
immediate front and the south portion of the building, there was an entrance
into the building by means of a flight of stairs. It was a short flight of
stairs, a landing, and then it went into a building there. The entrance area led
into the general offices, and into the private offices, and into the rest of the
building. I have measured this, so I think that it is reasonably accurate. The
part that is actually being taken away, I have denoted by means of a red crayon
that runs across the frontage part of the building, and this is the portion
which is, generally speaking, the Roman brick part of the building. By means of
quite a bit of study, I found what uses this whole building was being put to,
what the flow of traffic of the business itself was, and studied the application
and uses of this company. I also ascertained the needs of this structure and of
this operation. Incidentally, the operation, as I find it, is one to operates
six days a week, and on two shifts, every day. It operates six days a week with
a great lot of overtime. Actually, it amounts to about two and a half shifts,
six days a week in order to operate this business that they have.

---

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Didn't they have to have a contract with you?
	A	It isn't required.
	Q	Did you have some understanding that the company was involved in several
lawsuits?
	A	There was talk about that in the company.
	Q	Was that a reason for your leaving?
	A	No. I left for the reason that I stated.
	Q	All right. When you started with this company, did you know that it was
involved in a lawsuit with a company that you left?
	A	I didn't really know that at the time.
	Q	You had no knowledge, correct?
	A	That is correct.
	Q	You don't know anything about the claims that had been incurred?
	A	That is correct.
	Q	You seem to have a different recollection?
	A	I don't know what you are referring to.
	Q	Did you have any understanding as to whether the two companies were involved
in a lawsuit?
	A	Not at the beginning.
	Q	Would you have left your position if you had you known?
	A	Yes. I believe so.
	Q	Why is that?
	A	The position was much better.
	Q	Okay. Did you have any understanding as to whether you were being asked to
take a job because of your knowledge of what was happening in the claims
department.
	MR. EUFPLT:  Could you ask that question again?
	MR. STPHAO:  Never mind.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Was there a period of time when you were happy working for your company?
	A	I don't really know that. You already asked me.

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Did you speak with anybody else at Rider North, Rider North Limited, or
Rider North China in preparation for the deposition today?
	A	No.
	Q	Now when I say Rider North, Rider North China, Rider North Limited, you
understand who I'm talking about?
	A	Yes. I do.
	Q	All three of the defendants -- the current defendants in the case. You
understand that, correct?
	A	I understand.
	Q	And, by the way, if at any time you do not understand a question, please let
me know.
	A	Sure.
	Q	You're entitled to have a clear question, which I may not always be able to
give you on the first try.
	A	Sure.
	Q	Did you review any documents in preparation for the deposition today?
	A	Yes.
	Q	What was the volume of documents that you reviewed?
	A	What do you mean by volume of documents.
	Q	Was it a great number of pages of documents, or small number of pages of
documents?
	A	Depends on how you define small and great.
	Q	Can you identify any of the documents that you reviewed in preparation for
the deposition today?
	A	The briefs, the expert report, obviously this document that we talked about.
	Q	And the document you're referring to is Deposition Exhibit 1?
	A	Yes. The spreadsheet we just talked about with the sales information. I
think that captures everything.
	Q	And when did you review these documents? Was it this weekend?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Okay. Now you refer to briefs that you reviewed. Did you remember
specifically what briefs you reviewed?
	A	I don't remember the names. If you had some copies of them, I could take a
look at them and tell you "yeah, I looked at that one", or didn't look at it.
	Q	Do you remember the subject matter of the briefs?
	A	One of them had to do with affirmative defences, or something. Another one
was a damages report. Gosh, I don't remember --
	Q	Was the -- I'm sorry to interrupt.
	A	No, go ahead.
	Q	Was the damages report by Rick Collins?
	A	Yes.

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	You left because you were not happy, correct?
	A	I left for a better position.
	Q	Is the company that you work for now an insurance company?
	A	Our company is different from insurance.
	Q	Why is that?
	A	You pay for what you want done.
	Q	And where did you gain this understanding as to what the duties are of an
insured?
	A	Based on my years in the business.
	Q	I understand that there was a period of time during which your company was
not able to pay its employees, correct?
	A	Yes.
	Q	And was that immediately before you left?
	A	It was a few years before I left.
	Q	And why didn't you leave at that time?
	A	I was loyal to the company.

---

BY MR. MORRIS:
	Q	Were you interviewed by an Officer West of the Orange County Sheriff's
Department about this incident?
	A	I'm not sure. I believe so.
	Q	Okay. Let's say at about 8:00 or 9:00 on November 3rd. That would be
Thursday. Do you remember getting a call from an officer at the Sheriff's
Department?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Yes?
	A	Yes.
	Q	And he asked you some questions about what you knew about this phone call on
the 31st of October?
	A	Yes.
	Q	And did you tell him that you knew that the Scott's are basically the Avery
brothers that you have done -- they have done work for them before, but does not
know why they give the name B. Scott. Did you tell him that?
	A	No. I did not.
	Q	So, if he wrote that in his report, he was just making it up?
	A	I did not know that it was -- she told me -- Sue told me it was the Avery
brothers. At the time I took the call, I had know idea who it was.
	Q	Okay. Exhibit 17 in front of you, there, has an account number, right?
	A	Yes.
	Q	That's the Avery's account number, right?
	A	I believe that was one that I had just created for this lead.
	Q	So, you created this as a whole new account?
	A	Because I couldn't find it in the records. I checked by phone number, and
the last name, and I couldn't find the person in there, or him in there.
	Q	I'm going to show you Exhibit 19. See if maybe this refreshes your
recollection a little bit. Is that one of the appointment sheets that you or
somebody in your office prepares and faxes to one of the photographers?
	A	Yes.
	Q	And at the very, very top, there is a little code that says "run by"?
	A	Yes.
	Q	And it says D. Smyth, S-m-y-t-h. That would be you, right?
	A	Yes.
