always, said, three, upon, book, morning, business, number, then, people,
receive, it's, place, date, tell, sure, mother, enough, each, credit, days,
kinds, ago, ask, off, without, office, house, under, through, most, service,
once, big, own, another

on the other hand, whether or not

may not, or not, whether or not, is whether or not, of course, of the, because
of, in lieu of, in spite of, in view of, off the, law officer, law enforcement
officer, police officer, about how often, how often, too often, on or about,
on the, on the other hand, on the part, in my opinion, in your opinion, in our
opinion, or not

bit, bite, her, here, war, where, bat, bait, pill, pile, kill, Kyle, sped,
speed, chilled, child, frost, froze, slit, slight, slid, slide, set, seat, grim,
grime, chess, cheese, Sal, sail, tub, tube, head, heed, lit, light, mar, mayor,
more, mower, bet, beat, full, fuel, hat, hate, clock, cloak, pled, plead, glad,
glade, swept, sweep, cross, crows, plumb, plume, bred, breed, glob, globe, dull,
dual, fuss, fuse, leg, league

skull, cervical vertebrae, clavicle, scapula, acromion, humerus, rib, vertebral
column, ulna, ileum, radius, carpals, flanges, metacarpals, metacarpals, sacrum,
coccyx, femur, tibia, fibula, calcaneus

establish, original, mortgage, character

That is called a chattel mortgage. How much is the mortgage payment? My old
mortgage payments were high. They are refinancing their mortgages. The mortgages
were paid off in August. They are mortgaged up to the hilt. We have mortgaged
the old house. Have you mortgaged both properties? They are mortgaging their new
house. Mortgaging your home may not be wise. Are you thinking of mortgaging it?
When will the president establish the rules? We want to establish a new product.
Mr. Diamond will establish a new company. I believe it is an established
principle. He established that he was not in town. They established the rules at
the meeting. If he establishes an alibi, the case will end. The case establishes
new methods. The defendant is establishing a strong alibi. Is the company
establishing a new policy? We will be establishing many new contracts. Tony is
a member of the establishment. The establishment of guidelines was crucial.
Will the establishment of a department help? Establishments like that do not
last long. Where are the eating establishments? We are hunting for those
establishments.

---

I don't remember what was said exactly, but the substance of it was that if we
had any problems with the home, we shouldn't worry, and that Palm Estates would
take care of it. I don't know why the tennis courts stick in my mind, but she
did say that the tennis courts were going to be put in there within a short
time. She said that was to be a part of the tract. However, I can't remember
anything else regarding the purchase of that particular home. Almost everything
was about the general tract facilities. I think at that time the swimming pools
and the jacuzzi were in. The tennis courts were not. I don't know whether she
said how many more phases there were going to be. Maybe the tract map showed
that the, but I don't remember whether any more phases were shown.

Ladies and gentlemen, if, on the other hand, you believe that it was an
independent person: a person who was not under the control of the defendant
corporation, not an agent, servant, or employee, then it would be your duty
to find that the defendant was not liable because the defendant corporation
has the right to assume that a stranger going down into the cellar to open the
doors would act with due regard to the rights of third persons and would not
open a door negligently from the inside, but would merely loosen the bolts and
then come through the store and out on to the pavement, so the issue for you to
determine is: do you believe that it was an agent, servant, or employee of the
defendant corporation who opened that door. Or, do you believe that it was an
independent contractor, a stranger, as Mr. Bradford intimated, that he believed
it was. You should also consider whether the plaintiff herself acted as a
reasonably careful person would act, under the circumstances. She had a right,
perfect right, to walk on any part of that pavement. The iron doors were flush
with the pavement when they were closed, and she had a perfect right to walk
across those iron doors when they were level with the pavement, as she had the
right to assume that nobody would suddenly, and without warning, open any part
of that door to create an obstruction in her path. If you are satisfied that the
plaintiffs have established their case by a fair preponderance of the evidence,
and have met the burden of proof, which is upon them, that an agent, servant,
or employee of the defendant corporation opened that door negligently, and if
you feel that the plaintiff herself did not contribute by her own negligence to
cause the accident, it would be your duty to find a verdict for the plaintiff
against the defendant corporation. If, on the other hand, you believe that it
was not an agent, servant, or employee of the defendant corporation that caused
the accident, that some third person over whom the defendant corporation had no
control or no right to control caused the accident, then your verdict should
be for the defendant corporation. If you find for the plaintiff, you should
consider the measure of damages. Use your common sense and sound judgement. We
have had no medical testimony of an affirmative character. The plaintiff tells
us that she was taken to the hospital by somebody whose name she does not know.
But the hospital records are not produced. She says she was in the hospital for
six hours, that she was instructed to ice her face with a compact because, she
said, her left cheek was swollen under her eye. She said that her left side,
the left side of her abdomen, pained her. She said they x-rayed it. Well, the
hospital records have not been produced. She said she had a doctor, her own
doctor, who she went to see, and on his instructions, she stayed in bed for
several days. That doctor isn't produced because, we are told, he is in the
military service. She said she went to another doctor. She had another doctor
see her at once. He is not here because he is also in the service, she tells
us. We have no testimony other than her own to the fact that she suffered pain
in her left side and still suffers pain in bad weather. Since the accident,
although she was in good condition prior to the accident, she tells us that
she had a bill of $208 from one doctor, and she paid $112 to the other doctor.
Then, she tells us she was also instructed to have some x-rays taken, and we had
the x-ray expert testify. He tells us that while he took some x-rays back in
December of last year, and again in October of this year, all of those x-rays
were negative. That there were no fractures, nothing pathological, nothing
abnormal shown which would cause any pain. Nevertheless, the lady told him that
there was tenderness in the left side of her abdomen. As I said, use your common
sense and sound judgement. You should also bear in mind that the x-ray doctor
said his bills for these x-rays were $530 and $620 respectively. A total of
$1150. If you consider that those x-ray pictures were reasonably necessary, and
that those charges are the fair and reasonable charges, you would have a right
to compensate the plaintiff, Ella Sweeney, to the extent of the $1150, and also
to the extent of the other medical bills: the $208 and the $112 to which there
was testimony if you believe these bills were fair and reasonable.

clean-outs, drain pipes, installed, horizontal, plug, points, property, waste,
soil pipes, drainage, surface, waste, drop, properly

Then, we were to install clean-outs at the ends of all drain pipes. Clean-outs
also had to be installed at any points where the pipes made turns. Clean-outs
are needed at the foot of each rise. When there is a horizontal run of 50 feet,
then it is also necessary to install one. If the plug to a clean-out is going
to be flush with the floor, or other surface, the plugs must be countersunk. It
is necessary to have the same type of clean-outs for any waste or soil pipes.
The clean-out in question had been countersunk and was at the end of a 40 foot
horizontal run. In fact there was a proper drop in the 40 foot run. In my
opinion, the clean out had been installed properly. The drop should have been
enough to take care of the drainage without any problem.

---

incident, packages, centimetres, do you mean, exactly, window, approximately

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	At what streets?
	A	Main Street and Oak Avenue.
	Q	Did you take a seat before this incident took place?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Were you still seated in that seat when this incident happened?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Where were you seated?
	A	What place on the bus?
	Q	Yes.
	A	About in the middle, more or less, on the bus.
	Q	What side of the bus?
	A	The right side of the bus.
	Q	Do you mean the side were the doors are located?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Were you seated next to the aisle?
	A	No.
	Q	Were you seated next to the window?
	A	Exactly. Right against the window.
	Q	How tall are you?
	A	I can tell you centimetres.
	Q	Are you able to tell us in feet and inches?
	A	No.
	Q	Give it to me in centimetres.
	A	165 approximately.
	Q	What length of time had you been on the bus when this incident took place?
	A	10 or 15 minutes. I can't say approximately the time.
	Q	For the block before this happened, what were you doing?
	A	Nothing.
	Q	Were you looking out the window?
	A	Out the window.
	Q	Were you also looking around the bus?
	A	Not really.
	Q	Was there someone sitting on the seat in front of you?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Can you describe this person?
	A	It was a blonde haired lady.
	Q	Was she alone in the seat?
	A	Well, she had an umbrella, and she had a lot of packages with her.

	THE COURT:  All right, Mr. Brian, you have a witness.
	MR. STPHAO:  Thank you, your Honour. People call Officer Newmyer, Santa Anna
Police Department.
	THE COURT:  Take the stand, please. State your full name and spell your last.
	THE WITNESS:  Gary E. Newmyer, N-e-w-m-y-e-r.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Mr. Newmyer, what is your occupation?
	A	Police officer for the city of Santa Anna.
	Q	How long have you been so employed?
	A	Little over four years.
	Q	Directing your attention to the fifth of April of 2011, were you employed as
a police officer with the city of Santa Anna on that date?
	A	Yes, sir. I was.
	Q	Directing your attention to the early a.m. hours of April the 5th, 2011, did
you respond to a dispatch call to the residence of Anne Rodriguez?
	A	Yes, sir.
	Q	About what time did you arrive at her residence?
	A	About 3:30 a.m. 3:20 to 3:30.
	Q	Did you have a conversation with Mrs. Rodriguez?
	A	Yes, sir. I did.
	Q	Were you informed that she had been a victim of a rape?
	A	Yes, sir. I was.
	Q	Did she provide any information to you at that time about the automobile the
rapist was in?
	A	Yes, sir.
	Q	Did you, with the information provided to you, make a determination as to
who the automobile was registered to?
	A	Yes, sir.
	Q	And who was the registered owner of the automobile matching the registration
of license number that she provided to you?
	A	The defendant, William Kenneth Goode.
	Q	Based on that information, did you obtain a photograph of the defendant?
	A	Yes, sir.
	Q	Did you prepare a photograph line up to show to Mrs. Rodriguez?
	A	Yes, sir.
	Q	How many photographs, all told, did you use?
	A	Including the defendant, 17.
	Q	How many?
	A	17.
	Q	You have those with you?
	A	Yes, sir. I do.
	Q	People move to mark as Exhibit 3, for identification, for the people, a
series of 17 coloured photographs showing a frontal and a profile of 17 male
Caucasians.
	THE COURT:  What is the next number? Three? It will be marked as 1 Exhibit,
for identification. Is that correct.
	MR. STPHAO:  Yes.
	THE COURT:  Okay. Exhibit 3.

---

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	And just so a jury member, or all of the jury members understand, what is a
hood latch?
	A	Well, it holds the hood to the vehicle. It locks it in.
	Q	All right. On my vehicle, on at least on most vehicles, there's a release or
a button on the inside of the vehicle. Are you familiar with those?
	A	Yes, I am.
	Q	But, is there another safety button or another latch that is always on a
hood?
	A	Yes. And that would be the hood latch.
	Q	All right. Did you, again, ever have to swab or collect any other material
from Lacy Patterson's hood latch?
	A	Yes, I did.
	Q	Would you describe, for the jury, that process, please. How was that done?
	A	Sure. When you swab for any type of evidence on the scene, you have a cotton
tip test. Kind of like a big Q-tip. You also have clean water, and the tip is
sterile as well. So, you're taking it from a fresh package. You take your clean
water and you would -- not touching the cotton tip test, but you would drop two
or three drops of this water on this cotton tip test. You then take that test
and swab the area that you were testing in.
	Q	Could you point to the large screen, please, and tell the jury where it was
that you swabbed? That is, what area of the hood latch was swabbed by this test?
	A	Sure. It was this area right in here.
	Q	Now, I'm going to have Mr. Miller show you what has been marked as Exhibit
No. 94. Because it still contains material, I'm not going to have you open it,
but I would ask you if you're able to identify this exhibit, please?
	A	Yes. It's got the evidence tag on it.
