Sid is the seller.
Tess told Ted a tall tale.
Pat passed the paper to Pete.
Cate called Cal a cad.
Stacy stepped up the steep stairs.
Stella stole the steel statue.
Can you spare the space.
Sally speeds in the sports car.
Skip said Scott is scared to ski.

Hal has a hard heart.
Harry hates to wear hats.
Ray raised his rates.
Roy rode with Rita to the race.
Wally is a waiter.
We wired Will at the warehouse.
How wide was the walkway?
She shared the shelter with us.
I can swear that they were suede.

88
1
72
4
33
2
9
83
12
3
45
54
8
5
61
20
81
7
22
6
34
8
32
3
29
53
48
15
36
218
623
2,018
3,026
9,318
4,582
9,890
7,492
7,438
402
7,621
4,379
2,630
1,893
8,245
9,098
9,274
8,743

---

The judge found that there is probable cause to are charge the defendant. The
standard of proof for a preliminary hearing is much less that the standard of
proof at a trial. During a trial, the jury must be convinced beyond a reasonable
doubt that the defendant is guilty. The jury must all agree in a criminal case
that the defendant committed the crime. In civil cases, where there is much
less at stake, not all jurors must agree there was possibly probable cause to
formally charge the suspect with the crime. The probable cause included the
fingerprints. That probable cause was explained away by the defendant, the
suspect was formally charged with the crime. His attorney questioned whether he
had been properly Mirandized but it was determined that he had been properly
Mirandized. In this case the attorneys worked hard to defend the defendant from
a charge because they thought there was too much evidence that seemed to prove
that the defendant was guilty. The evidence seemed to be pointing towards the
defendant.

Then he hid them. Children raced around town to find them. More and more fans
came to watch Babe. People were too crowded. The Yankees needed more seats. So,
they built a new ballpark. And it was big, just like Babe's big home runs. "Some
ball-yard", Babe said. For the first time, people called a ballpark something
different: a stadium. It was named Yankee Stadium, but one reporter had a better
idea. He remembered why they built it, so he nicknamed it "the house that Ruth
built". On April 18, 1923, the gates opened. A marching band played music. An
American flag was raised. Babe's old team, the Boston Red Sox came to play.
Before the big game, Babe made a wish. Babe said he wished to hit the first home
run in Yankee Stadium. Everyone waited to see if Babe could do it. The governor
of New York threw out the first ball. The umpire shouted "Play ball!". By the
fourth inning, the Yankees were winning, but no one had hit a home run yet.
Babe came up to bat. Fans held their breath. People listened to their radios.
Everyone wanted to know if Babe's wish would come true. The pitcher threw the
ball. Babe swung with all his might. Whack! The radio announcer called out "He
did it! He did it!". Babe Ruth hits the first home run at Yankee Stadium. Babe
jogged around the bases. The crowd stood and cheered: "Hooray for Babe! Hooray
for baseball!". Babe crossed home plate. He lifted his cap and waved to the
fans, then he bowed. His wish had come true. Babe had hit a total of 714 home
runs in his career. He was one of the first players elected to the National
Baseball Hall of Fame. Today, people remember Babe as the greatest baseball
player ever. Almost everyone knows something about Babe Ruth, but now you know
the best thing about Babe Ruth: how he saved baseball.

A defendant's statement was not voluntary if it resulted from the defendant's
will being overcome by a law enforcement officer's use of any sort of violence,
or threats, or by any direct or implied promise, however slight. You must give
such wait to the defendant's statement as you feel it deserves under all the
circumstances. You must decide whether the defendant is guilty or not guilty by
determining what the facts are in the case and applying these jury instructions.
You must not consider the possible punishment when deciding on guilt. Punishment
is left for the judge. The state must prove guilt beyond a reasonable doubt
with its own evidence. You must not conclude that the defendant is likely to
be guilty because the defendant did not testify. The defendant is not required
to testify. The decision on whether or not to testify is left to the defendant
acting with the advice of an attorney. You must not let this choice affect your
deliberations in any way. The defendant is not required to produce evidence
of any kind. The decision on whether to produce any evidence is left to the
defendant acting with the advice of an attorney. The defendant's failure to
produce any evidence is not evidence of guilt.

Too much evidence is as questionable as no evidence. The defendant had a dark
side. He had admit to doing certain acts. There was no doubt that the two knew
each other. A photograph suggested that the defendant met the victim before
the murder. At the preliminary hearing, the judge made the determination to
bind over the suspect for trial. The judge had more that enough evidence. The
defendant was told that if he were convicted, he would face the death penalty. A
judge must only find that there is a reasonable cause to believe the defendant
committed the crime. In a trial, the jury needed to have reasonable doubt to set
him free.

---

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	How long were you and your husband in the dentist's office?
	A	Approximately 15 minutes.
	Q	What time was that? What time was your appointment with the doctor?
	A	Oh, close to 5:30 or 6:00 o'clock.
	Q	Where had you been prior to you going to the dentist office?
	A	Home.
	Q	Both of you?
	A	Yes. Well, he just came from work and then we got in the car and went to the
dentist office.
	Q	Had you or your husband had any intoxicating beverages that you know of that
particular day?
	A	No.
	Q	What kind of car does your husband have?
	A	He had a Toyota station wagon.
	Q	And where did he park this car prior to going to the dentist's office?
	A	He parked it by the curb, facing north on Lincoln Boulevard.
	Q	Were there any other cars parked there at the time?
	A	I don't remember.
	Q	Now, what time do you think you left the dentist's office?
	A	Well, it was between 5:30 and 6:00. I'm not sure.
	Q	Was it light out at the time?
	A	It was dusk.
	Q	Could you still see objects, such as cars and houses, without any artificial
lighting?
	A	I don't remember.
	Q	As you left the dentist's office, what did you and your husband do?
	A	Well, we went and I got in the car.
	Q	Was the car parked south of the dentist's office or north of the dentist's
office?
	A	South of the dentist's office.
	Q	Approximately how many feet from the dentist's office?
	A	I don't know for sure.
	Q	Was it considerable distance or a short distance?
	A	Short distance.
	Q	Were there any other cars parked along the curb when you came back?
	A	I don't remember.

	MR. EUFPLT:  Well isn't that what Mr. Jones told you?
	MR. STPHAO:  Objection, calls for speculation.
	THE COURT:  As to what Mr. Jones told him?
	MR. STPHAO:  The use of the pronoun "they": "they went there to do anything"
calls for speculation as to anybody but Mr. Jones.
	THE COURT:  Yes. Well he is only asking what Mr. Jones told him.
	MR. STPHAO:  Even if he told him that, it would be speculation on his part.
	THE COURT:  Sustained.
	MR. STPHAO:  Thank you.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Did Mr. Jones tell you that he was surprised at the events that occurred
because he did not go over there to kill anyone?
	A	Yes, he did.
	Q	Is there a substantial difference in the -- would someone, in your opinion,
lie about certain events?
	MR. STPHAO:  Your Honour, that sounds like beyond this person's expertise.
	THE COURT:  Overruled on that ground.
	MR. STPHAO:  In your opinion, would someone go through a debriefing, lie about
certain events, frame individuals for crimes they didn't commit et cetera in
order to get out of the SHU because of certain perks or benefits they might get
outside of the SHU?
	MR. EUFPLT:  Same objection, your Honour.
	THE COURT:  Overruled.
	THE WITNESS:  Perks? I don't understand what you mean by perks.
	MR. STPHAO:  Better food, they get to walk in the yard, they get a sharper
pencil when they draw, I don't know.
	THE WITNESS:  Doesn't mean they are going to get those types of items that you
are saying. They're going to be treated the same as any other prisoner. Whatever
the SHU inmates eat, the general population eats. So there's no difference in
better food.

---

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Okay. Have you been convicted of any misdemeanour --
	A	No.
	Q	-- crimes? Okay. And any other -- in any other country or any other state?
	A	No.
	Q	And no felonies in any other country or any other state?
	A	No.
	Q	Okay. So are you representing that the sum total of your criminal
convictions are these two felonies that you've told me about today?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Okay. Have you had any civil lawsuits in the past --
	A	No.
	Q	So you've never sued anyone for anything in the past?
	A	No.
	Q	Okay. And by that I'm not referring to your divorce, which would obviously
be a civil action, but different from what I'm looking for?
	A	Okay.
	Q	Okay, thank you. And other than the worker's compensation claim that brings
us here today, have you filed any other worker's compensation claims?
	A	No.
	Q	Okay. Let me ask you if you're currently working, Ms. Stanton?
	A	No.
	Q	Okay. And when was the last time you were working?
	A	In February of 2011.
	Q	And when you last worked in February of 2011, who was your employer?
	A	California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection.
	Q	And what was your position when you left in February of 2011 for CAL FIRE?
	A	Fire fighter 1.
	Q	And were you a full-time permanent to employee or some other status?
	A	Seasonal employee.
	Q	And when did you begin working at CAL FIRE?
	A	I started working for CAL FIRE 2003.
	Q	Okay. And was that before or after your conviction for possession of stolen
property?
	A	During.
	Q	So you were convicted and then are hired or were you hired and then
convicted?
	A	Say that again.
	MR. STPHAO:  When you were incarcerated for the possession --
	THE WITNESS:  Correct.
	MR. STPHAO:  Were you at that time released to work for the CAL FIRE --
	THE WITNESS:  Yes.
	MR. STPHAO:  -- while incarcerated?
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Okay. So had you been an employ for CAL FIRE before the incarceration?
	A	No.
