July 6, 2001
July 7, 1965
July 8, 2010
May 10, 2007
July 10, 1852
May 22, 2000
July 12, 1900
May 24, 1922
July 24, 1931
May 26, 2002
July 16, 2015
May 28, 2017
July 18, 1913
May 30, 1800
July 20, 1958
June 1, 2001
July 22, 2011
June 3, 1976

January, March, May, July, August, October, and December have 31 days.
April, June, September, and November have 30 days.
February has 28 or 29 days.
In 1993, New Year's Day, Memorial Day, Labour Day, and Independence Day fell on
a Monday.
Columbus Day fell on a Wednesday, Thanksgiving fell on Thursday, and Christmas
fell on Sunday.
Veteran's Day fell on Friday.
Nothing fell on Tuesday.

Start a watermelon garden.
See with 2020 vision.
Float down the Amazon.
Live to see my children approve of my wardrobe.
Use my time wisely.
Tour the great sites of ancient Greece.
Write a sonnet.
Raise a barn.
Walk across the Golden Gate Bridge.
Ride an elephant in India.
Help preserve a landmark.
Smell the freshness of the desert after a rain.
Set aside time each day to be totally alone.
Learn to box.
Find a genuine arrow-head.
Win a speaking role in a movie.
Ski the Olympic jump at Squaw Valley.
Discover a cure for cancer.
Win a medal for bravery.
Cook a perfect omelette.

---

The case that was before the court was that of murder. The question that arose
was that of time. The murder that was committed was supposed to be some time
in the p.m. According to the police, the murder was committed at approximately
10:00 p.m. The time of the murder was established by police. The police knew
that the crime had been committed before midnight. They were to produce evidence
of that fact. They established the crime as having occurred at approximately
10:00 p.m. They had testimony from a police officer that indicated the time
of the murder. The question is what happened in the intervening hours. The
actual crime was reported about midnight. The body was discovered shortly before
midnight and reported to a police officer. That police officer called in the
murder. The person who reported the crime to the police officer confessed to the
killing. He indicated that he killed the individual in the heat of passion.

Nearby, you'll find a memorial for a cat that was once the town's mayor,
and a glass blowing studio. One of Harmony's two businesses is owned by
internationally known artist Eric Dandurand. Harmony, once a major dairy
producer, is known for its succession of owners: six in fifty years. The
Vanderhorst family, who most recently purchased the town in 2014, comes from
a dairy background, and wants to maintain Harmony's old-time charms while
restoring a bit of its historic lustre. The family has resurrected the name
Harmony Valley Creamery and plans to offer its own dairy products. They also
hope to soon reopen a restaurant and the post office.

The transcript is delivered to the witness. The witness has the opportunity
to read the transcript and make any changes that the witness wishes to make.
The witness is always cautioned that any changes to the transcript could
result in the credibility of the witness being questioned. In this case, the
credibility of the witness was questioned because he made conflicting statements
in his testimony. He had not changed the testimony upon reading it, and he
changed his testimony in court from what it had been, and what appeared in the
verbatim transcript. For this reason, the judge decided to rule in favour of the
defendant. During his instructions to the jury, the judge made it clear to the
jury that they were to look at the credibility of the witnesses when returning a
verdict. The witness who raised the doubt in the minds of several jurors was the
police officer who testified on behalf of the state. The jurors discussed the
fact that there were several different times when the police officer's testimony
did not match the testimony that he had previously given. The fact that the
testimony did not match raised some serious doubt in the minds of the jurors.

The popular wedding chapel grounds located in what was once the dairy's cooling
house is being spruced up, too. Couples can rent out the entire town, and for
celebrations, the separately owned Harmony Cellars Winery is conveniently
perched up the hill, just outside of town. So, how does Harmony's population
remain a constant 18? According to the town's historian, Ms. Wells, that number
is just an average. But, it certainly reflects Harmony's small town spirit.

Several of the jurors did not believe his testimony at all. Several of them
believed his story that he did not have enough time and just read quickly
through the transcript. At one point, the defendant's attorney requested a
directed verdict because he felt that there was not enough evidence presented
by the state to convict the defendant. The judge did not grant a directed
verdict. A directed verdict is granted only when the judge feels that the case
is weighted on one side. At first, the judge did not agree with this position.

In the days before digital devices, the Beverly Wilshire Hotel's Helen Chaplain
kept a card file on frequent guests, from what they ate for breakfast, to
what flowers they liked. When Arthur Rubenstein stayed there, the story goes,
Chaplain made sure a piano was in his room. With today's technologies, hotels
and other travel companies gather this kind of information on a scale previously
unimagined. Your smartphone, social media activity, and internet search patterns
reveal where you're likely to travel, what concerts you enjoy, and how you like
your eggs. We're looking at what data the travel industry is capturing from the
user as they travel, and how they're able to improve the user's visit, says
Jason Clampet, co-founder of Skift, which tracks digital travel trends. So, if
you're a jogger, for example, the hotel might put a map of local running trails
in your room. Thoughtful, yes, but at what point does it seem like your hotel
is stalking you? The best travel brands take the approach "what do I know about
the guest that's going to make their stay better?", says Clampet. "Not, how do
I track them down and get them to buy another drink". You can't control the
information that's already out there, or that you offer up every time you tweet
or post an Instagram photo. But, you can limit the data you provide a hotel to
only what's required for your reservation.

---

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	And where was he working at that time?
	A	I believe he was working in Long Beach.
	Q	And you were going to drop your family off at home before you went to take
him down to work in Long Beach?
	A	That's right.
	Q	Had you had anything of an alcoholic nature at his house?
	A	I don't drink, sir.
	Q	Well, had you had anything to drink that day of an alcoholic nature?
	A	No, sir.
	Q	Do you remember what day of the week this accident occurred on?
	A	It was a Sunday, sir.
	Q	And what time had you gotten over to his house, approximately?
	A	Oh, I don't know. I was in the afternoon sometime.
	Q	And was your wife with you?
	A	No, sir.
	Q	Where was your wife at the time of this accident?
	A	She was working at the time.
	Q	Where was she working?
	A	Huntington Hospital in Pasadena.
	Q	What time was she getting off work?
	A	She was getting off early that night. That is why I was to go home.
	Q	Were you going to go to pick her up?
	A	No, she was supposed to go home by herself.
	Q	Did she have her own car?
	A	No, but she had a ride.
	Q	Do you know what time she was supposed to get home, approximately?
	A	No, but I was to go home first anyway. I was supposed to meet her.
	Q	All right. Well, at some time in the afternoon, you had gotten over to this
Mr. Carter's house. Is that right?
	A	That's right, sir.
	Q	Did you have all four children with you?
	A	Yes, sir.
	Q	And did he have any children?
	A	He has two.
	Q	And you had just visited with him that afternoon. Is that right?
	A	Yes, sir. That's right.

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Do you keep either wood, equipment, material, or anything else pertaining to
business at any physical location other than the home address you've given us
and the North Wood Street address?
	A	No. I have some -- I have a shed with some tools in it. Down there on North
Main Street, but nothing major.
	Q	How long have you used the yard at 670 Wood Street?
	A	I'd say about 10 years.
	Q	Would you just briefly just describe the nature of your business? What type
of tree service you provide?
	A	Just about anything to do with trees. Trimming, topping, removal, stump
grinding.
	Q	Do you have employees who work for you?
	A	Off and on. I go through Labour Ready when I need some help and a couple of
my sons help me off and on. I don't have regular employees on my payroll.
	Q	You do the small jobs by yourself, and get extra help when you have a bigger
job?
	A	Right.
	Q	Is that the same way you've operated the business in the last 10 years or
so?
	A	In the '70s and '80s, I had a regular crew that I had. Did the taxes and
workman's comp on that stuff off and on -- mostly on, during the -- I'd say from
about '75 until about 1989 or '90.
	Q	Now, I don't mean to put you on the spot. What was the date of your marriage
to Lynn?
	A	November of '92.
	Q	She can't help you today?
	A	Neither of us can remember.
	Q	Do you know what date of November?
	A	After the third one, you quit keeping track.
	Q	I hope not to find out. Can you tell me the date in November?
	MR. STPHAO:  November 8th.
	THE WITNESS:  8th, yeah, just remembered.
	MR. EUFPLT:  I appreciate your help Mrs. Saul. But since he's the only one
under oath, we'll let him stand or fall on his own today. That might be the
hardest question I ask today.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	What was your wife Lynn's maiden name?
	A	Graves. Her maiden name was Graves.
	Q	Do you know how she spelled that?
	A	G-r-a-v-e-s.
	Q	How do you spell it?
	MR. STPHAO:  Do you want her to help out on this? I don't know.
	MR. EUFPLT:  Yeah, help out on this one.
	THE WITNESS:  My maiden name was Grenes, G-r-e-n-e-s.

---

BY MR. WILSON:
	Q	Okay. And he was driving a safe distance behind you?
	A	Yes. Seemed like it, yes.
	Q	It did not appear to you like he was driving recklessly, was it?
	A	No, he wasn't.
	Q	Let's go back. I want to kind of take this in sequence as you're westbound
on Main. And, by the way, do you have an estimate of distance between the time
you got on Main until the accident happened?
	A	I'd be guessing.
	Q	You know I don't want you to guess. In depositions we always tell witnesses
and parties that he guesses don't do anybody any good?
	A	Right.
	Q	But estimates, if they have some perception from life's experience, they can
help the parties understand. For example, if I said "how" -- you know, "how long
are the -- the ear pieces of these glasses that I am holding?", you could
probably, from your life's experience, tell me, you know, maybe they're 5-6
inches?
	A	They're longer than that.
	Q	Okay. There you go. And if I said "hey, how long is the vase on my desk in
my office?", that's just a guess. Do you follow what I'm saying?
	A	Right.
	Q	Do you follow?
	A	Yeah.
	Q	So, what I'd like you to do is, if you could, just using your life's
experience, tell me if you can -- again, if you can't, let me know -- the
distance, how many miles it was between the time you got on at Western on Main
until the time of the -- of the accident. Approximately at approaching Morris
Canyon.
	A	You want to know how many miles?
	Q	Yeah. And you can give me a range, ma'am, if you feel comfortable doing
that?
	A	I would say 5 miles.
	Q	Okay.
	A	4-5 miles.
	Q	That's fair. And then as you're headed west, the motorcyclists started to
pass you?
	A	Correct.
	Q	And when did you first see the motorcyclist that was actually involved in
this accident?
