ham, hack, ram, rack, lamb, lack, bam, back, dam, deck, Tim, tack, room, wreck,
dim, bike, comb, sack, loom, hook, room, mic, time, hock

ground, brain, snake, wack, whiff, thug, cheer, bread, sneer, whim, grab, check,
snow, fright, snooze, speak, sleet, fresh

Alabama 25,022
Alaska 2,143
Arizona 1,318
Arkansas 9,894
Colorado 14,720
Delaware 9,225
California 35,129
Connecticut 12,326
Massachusetts 5,792
Pennsylvania 9,852
Rhode Island 4,417
South Carolina 51,812
Florida 3,103
Georgia 37,118
Idaho 6,227
Illinois 8,931
Hawaii 33,189
Indiana 8,411

emerge, resist, rebate, absorb, afford, hammer, candid, sandwich, locate,
forest, anchor, walnut, abort, valid, escape, hammock, invoke, across, retail,
leader, reserve, famous, window, billfold, intent, fortune, summer, golden,
climax, demean, fathom, octave

blow, bright, scab, gloss, click, spill, fright, shake, drought, fry, swell,
skit, grin, quit, flit, bliss, glue, grade

---

Water boils at 212 degrees Fahrenheit or 100 degrees Centigrade. I did not feel
that I was injured. A lengthy examination is required. The doctor hospitalises
those cases. Was there an emergency? He had a high level of alcohol in his
blood. He is injuring his prospects for the future. We collected emergency
relief funds for the hospital. His liver problems resulted from alcohol. He took
a medical history, tried to schedule the physicals. We had 14 emergencies last
night. The surgeons are aware of the risk. Alcoholism must be taken seriously.
Can you tell the extent of the injuries? Her physical condition is good. Did
you talk to the surgeon at the hospital about the injury? The surgeon said
the patient's release would be conditional upon the severity of his injuries.
They built a new surgical wing. The autopsy revealed undiagnosed injuries. The
surgery will be on Friday unless his condition approves. I ordered an alcoholic
beverage. Take the patient to the ambulance entrance. The ambulance driver
was an alcoholic. Did he examine the wound in the abdomen? The instrument was
cleansed with alcohol. The physician was in rebuttal examination. What is his
medical condition? She did not succumb to alcoholism.

I was assigned to the accident in question on March 17. When I got to the place
where it had happened, I noticed skid marks that extended for some distance, and
then I saw what happened to be gauge marks. I noticed that the gauge marks were
approximately 315 feet away from the curb, and at the curb itself. We measured
them at the time, but I don't recall their length or anything. They appeared to
be very fresh, and they were over toward the right hand side of the street. In
other words, it would be in the area that would be travelled by traffic that was
going west. The gouge marks at the curb were actually areas where small pieces
of concrete had been gouged out of the top portion of the curb.

A physician may be permitted, as was done in this case, to testify concerning
statements made to him by a patient in connection with his effort to learn the
patient's history and condition for the purpose of diagnosis and treatment.
Such evidence is received and may be considered for only the limited purpose
of showing the information upon which the physician based his opinions. The
statements, so repeated by him, may not be regarded as evidence of their own
truth. The reason being, as I think I explained, that the witness, at the time,
he made those statements to the physician, was not under oath or available for
cross-examination by the other side.

It is my opinion that these gouge marks were caused by areas where the vehicle
struck the surface of the roadway, and then hit the curb. The vehicle was
totally demolished. The front of the vehicle had taken a very large impact, a
very strong impact. It appeared as if the vehicle had gone off the cliff on
its nose and then rolled over on its top. The top of the vehicle was totally
demolished. The final impact, I believe, was in the area of 100 feet from the
base of the cliff, and then the vehicle struck and flipped over from there, so
it was approximately 100 or 120 feet. The car was going at a very high rate of
speed. As I recall, the vehicle did not touch the ground or the dirt area, or
make any tyre prints within that area, which was a distance of approximately
20 feet, before going over the cliff. The fact that it went through a secure
barrier made of steel cable and posts, would also indicate that it was going at
a very high rate of speed before it went off the road. It is my opinion that
the excessive speed was the primary cause of this accident and the resulting
damages.

The rules of evidence ordinarily do not permit the opinion of a witness to be
received as evidence. An exception to this rule exists in the case of expert
witnesses. A person who, by education, study, and experience, has become an
expert in any art, science, or profession, and who is called as a witness,
may give his opinion as to any such matter in which he is versed, and which
is material to the case. You should consider such expert opinion, and should
weigh the reasons given for it. You are not bound, however, to such opinions.
Give them the weight to which you deem them entitled, whether that be great,
or slight, and you may reject such opinions if, in your judgement, the reasons
given for them, or for any of them, are unsound.

We are thinking of situating outside of the United States. It was an unusual
situation for women to work outside the home. Those ceremonies are part of the
presidential duties. The property is situated in the township of Washington.
Linda was named Woman of the Year. The president will call the meeting to order.
That woman is known to be a great reporter. We need to size up the situation.
The head of the company was a woman. The farm is situated five miles out of
town. He made a good president. That woman is the agent for the company. The
president of the United States lives in the White House. There are a number
of woman in key positions in the agency. We were invited to the presidential
dinner. The woman went out to see a movie. How many United States presidents
have there been? Where will the plant be situated? The woman founded the club.

---

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Did you know Ms. Ross at the time she was hired?
	A	Yes. I did. I referred her to the position.
	Q	What position was it?
	A	There was an opening.
	Q	Was there an opening for branch manager?
	A	I believe there was an opening, but I didn't know about it at the time.
	Q	When you referred her to the position, it was for something else?
	A	There were a few openings at the time. I suggested that she just apply.
	Q	Then, you were not recommending her for the job as branch manager?
	A	No. As I indicated, I didn't know about that opening.
	Q	And did you tell her what the agency did?
	A	I don't know. I guess that I figured that she knew what the agency did.
	Q	What was your understanding of what it did?
	A	It provided service.
	Q	You didn't tell her anything more about the agency?
	A	She knew where I worked. I assumed that she knew what the agency was all
about.
	Q	Is that how she heard about your company prior to applying for the position?
	A	That is correct.
	Q	Did she know anyone else who worked for the agency?
	A	I don't believe so.
	Q	Did she know Judy Sanders?
	A	I don't know.
	Q	Did you know Judy Sanders?
	A	I know of her. I don't know her personally.
	Q	So, it is possible that she might know Judy Sanders?
	A	That is possible.
	Q	Did you know another Judy in the company?
	A	I don't recall another person named Judy. I don't know everyone in the
company.
	Q	So, you don't know a person by the name of Judy Rios?
	A	I don't recall that name.
	Q	Did Judy Sanders ever go by another name?
	A	I don't know if she had a different name.
	Q	Could it have been that Judy Sanders was known at the agency by another
name?
	A	That could be it, but I doubt it. I have known her all the time that she has
been employed.
	Q	You don't recall a Judy by another name?
	A	No. I don't.
	Q	You don't recall a Judy Rios?
	A	I don't recall a person by that name.
	Q	Do you have any reason to believe that Judy Rios was not Judy Sanders?
	A	I never heard Judy Sanders go by the name of Rios.
	Q	Did you know whether Ms. Ross was married when she was hired?
	A	She was not married.
	Q	You know that for a fact?
	A	Yes. I was in her wedding.
	Q	You were in her wedding?
	A	Yes. I was.

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Please identify those people who you spoke with?
	A	Really, only one person: Susan West.
	Q	So when you said you spoke with a couple of people, was that a mistake?
	A	Yeah. It was Susan West was the person that I spoke to: our CFO.
	Q	Okay. Why don't we go off the record for a moment.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Okay. So you spoke with one person in preparation for the deposition today,
and that's Susan West?
	A	West.
	Q	Is that W-e-s-t?
	A	W-e-s-t.
	Q	W-e-s-t. And what is her position?
	A	CFO.
	Q	And she's CFO of Rider North Limited?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Is she a CFO of Rider North US as well?
	A	Rider North US doesn't have a CFO.
	Q	Does she operate in that capacity for Rider North, if for nothing else, for
efficiency?
	A	Well, Rider North is a subsidiary of Rider North Limited, so in essence,
yeah.
	Q	Okay. What did you talk to Ms. West about?
	A	I just wanted to get an understanding of the information that was provided
in some of the -- in some of the documents that were produced. Some of the
financial information, better understanding on how it was obtained.

---

BY MS. ALLEN:
	Q	On -- in this particular instance, September 19th, 2005, right?
	A	Yes.
	Q	And the very first name listed there is Tom Scott, is it not?
	A	Yes. It is.
	Q	And the address there, would you read that off, please?
	A	It's -- I'm sorry, I can't see.
	Q	I'm sorry.
	A	12930 Avery Road.
	Q	Is that the same address that you have here on Exhibit 17: the photo shoot
that you filled out on October 31st?
	A	Yes.
	Q	So, on October 31st, you did, in fact, know -- or those were records that
you had taken an appointment for the Scott's on a prior date?
	A	That's not necessarily from me. There were three or four of us that would
run appointment photos. It would depend. I ran the reports in the morning. I
didn't necessarily read them thoroughly. I just would fax them out to the
photographer.
	Q	If you would look at the screen right there, I'm showing you a picture of
this Exhibit 19, the date is September 19 of 2005, right?
	A	Yes.
	Q	And that is -- it does say that you ran that?
	A	I ran the report, but that does not mean that I had taken the original lead.
	Q	Sure. But, you ran the report and the report included Tom Scott, the very
first one, very same phone number, very same address that you have in front of
you on the October 31st exhibit, correct?
	A	No. The phone number is different.
	Q	All right. But the address is the same?
	A	Yes. But I didn't search by address in the system.
	Q	You just searched by phone?
	A	Right. Because we had tried to get people off the phone as quickly as
possible. So if I couldn't find it by phone number, and last name, and for some
reason it didn't come up in the system.
