up, with, as, for, of, till, than, a, the, all, any, every, no, other, much,
not, only, white, so, very, tomorrow, yesterday, north, south, east, west,
please, yes,

that is that the there is there are on the we will she will will you you will
you are are you up the

She will be on the flight that is due to arrive at 10:00 o'clock. We will arrive
on the American Airlines flight at 7:00 o'clock. Are you planning to meet the
planes? If you are, will you please be sure that the car is parked near the
main gate. There are four suitcases and there is also one large bag to pick up.
You will save time if you pick up the bags first and then proceed to the flight
deck. We will look forward to seeing you and your family and having a long and
relaxing vacation with friends.

The boards were measured. Type A was 3 feet 2 inches long. Type B was 6 feet 4
inches long. Type C was 7 feet 1 inch long. We then measured the steel pipes.
Three of them were 4 feet long with a diameter of 2 and a half inches. Four
pipes were 5 feet long with a diameter of 13 and 1/4 inches. Five of the pipes
were 12 feet long with a diameter of 3 and 1/8 inches. We requested that all the
boards be at least 3 feet 2 inches in length and that the pipes be at least 4
feet 2 inches long with a diameter of 2 1/2 inches or more.

except exception neighbour neighbourhood little absolute

The house was an absolute mess. What is an absolute number? They had absolute
proof of the crime. Are you absolutely sure about that? He was absolutely in
favour of the move. Ken concluded that it was absolutely true. Politics does not
deal in absolutes. Death is one of the absolutes in life. The papers are all
here except that one. Everyone has left except Marilyn. The houses are well kept
except that one. The sales tax law excepts food purchases. The cost of the tour
excepts children. The parking law excepts handicapped. The law excepted seeing
eye dogs. The admission price excepted children. The new rule excepted seniors.
Is the school excepting alumni? The rule is excepting them from the tax. We are
accepting out of date tickets. He took exception to everything I said. They did
not make an exception for me. Will you make just one exception? The exception
would fill volumes. The record was full of exceptions. The law had far too many
exceptions. She has exceptional talent. David showed exceptional skill. That
paper was really exceptional. He is doing exceptionally well. I am exceptionally
tired tonight. That man is our next door neighbour. My neighbour borrowed the
lawnmower. I really don't know my neighbour. Our neighbours have two big dogs.
Mr. And Mrs. Jones are our neighbours. We just moved into the neighbourhood. We
are planning a neighbourhood party. She lives in a pleasant neighbourhood. That
section is in a neighbouring area. She was more than a little surprised. The
little boy played with the train. Mary brought the little dog home.

---

Members of the jury, you have patiently listened to twelve days of eloquent,
albeit sometimes vague, testimony. In the case at hand, you are admonished
to ignore the occasional portions of testimony which were stricken from the
record, as well as the emotion displayed by both counsel in the course of their
respective summations. You are reminded as jurors that it is your duty to
weigh the valid testimony here presented and to determine from this evidence
your collective judgment as to the relative values of the cases presented by
plaintiffs and defendants. You must decide first, whether or not, in your
estimation, defendants were in fact guilty beyond a reasonable doubt, of
culpable negligence, in this suit. And secondly, the fair and reasonable amounts
to be set as settlement for such injuries as were set forth in this case. You
are further cautioned that the physical appearance or attire of the various
parties are irrelevant to the causes pending before this court. We are dealing
with what should be a relatively simple civil suit. We will recess at this time
so that you may begin your deliberations. Should you require any portion of the
transcript of the proceedings for clarification or review, the bailiff will
provide that for you.

Welcome, my friends, thank you for coming today. I am pleased to have this
chance to tell you why I am running for the office of mayor of Carterville. As
you realise, I have never held public office. Why should I decide to become a
candidate in this race? I will tell you why. For the past 12 years, we have
had a parade of politicians filling or filling through our City Hall. Men with
extensive political backgrounds. Men who convinced us that we needed them to
head our local government. They have sold us a political bill of goods. Once
elected, all of them without exception have been more concerned with personal
gain than with the betterment of our city. Major proposals for city projects
have been delayed because of our mayor and the city council members.

The Fair Labour Standards Act specifies a minimum wage for all employers who
are engaged in interstate commerce. The minimum wage is adjusted periodically
to reflect the change in the spending power of the dollar. The act also sets
guidelines for the standard work week of 40 hours. The customary compensation
is for overtime is time and a half for any hours over the standard. The act
must also establish the minimum age for employees. Depending on the state, the
minimum age is between 15 and 16 years old with special provisions to provide
higher minimums for anyone engaged in dangerous or high risk occupations. In
addition to guidelines established by the Fair Labour Standards Act, most states
have established fair employment practice laws of their own. These laws help
prevent discrimination that is based on race, colour, sex, or religion.

Cooper's, capital, plumbers, clerks, clerk, scholar, debt, small scale,
entitled, American, capital, carpenters, rights, proprietorship,

A sole proprietorship is a name applied to a business that is owned and operated
by a single person. The sole proprietorship is the oldest form of business
organisation, dating back to carpenters, millers, smiths, writes, coopers,
plumbers, and clerks, which a clark is a clerk or scholar. The proprietor
furnishes all the capital for the business. He must assume all the risks and all
the losses. He must pay all the debts and be responsible for all the decision
making. The proprietor is entitled to receive all the profits of the business
and he also holds title to all the business assets. A sole proprietorship is
well suited to a small-scale business. In fact, the vast majority of American
businesses are proprietorships.

Strolling through an Australian bushland park one afternoon, I noticed a pair of
dark eyes glaring at me from the shade of a gum tree. A black animal the size of
a short legged bull terrier stands against a wire fence. It looks like pieces of
other creatures all stitched together. The front legs and sharp clawed paws are
similar to a dog's. The ears remind me of a bat's: pink and almost hairless. The
whiskers are long and luxuriant like a cat's. As I return its gaze, the animal
opens prominent jaws to reveal wicked, curving, canines. Then, it makes a low,
throaty growl before running away in a peculiar rocking horse motion. I pull
back as a strong stench comes toward me. Nearly overcome, I check the sign on
the fence: Tasmanian Devil. This encounter at the Heelsville Sanctuary, 40 miles
east of Melbourne, is my first meeting with the world's largest meat eating
animal found only in Tasmania, an island 150 miles south of the Australian
mainland, the Tasmanian Devil has one of the most unsavoury reputations in the
animal kingdom. A champion eater, the Devil punctuates bloody squabbles over
its daily feed of prey with piercing screams and howls that gave it its satanic
name. Given half a chance, the creature will even eat others of its own kind
and its own young. Their table manners are not what you would find at the Ritz
Hotel says John Hamilton, director of the Tasmanian Devil Park Wildlife Rescue
Centre at Port Arthur. To Americans, the Tasmanian Devil's beastly ways come as
no surprise thanks to Hollywood. When Warner Brothers animators were looking for
a fresh new cartoon for Bugs Bunny, one of them suggested something he'd seen in
a crossword puzzle: Tasmanian Devil. Tas, a growling, drooling tornado on legs
has since become a hit with audiences worldwide. Real life devils can be found
in nearly 20 zoos and wildlife parks in Australia and 2 overseas. But few people
get to see the animal in the wild.

---

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Did anyone pursue the suspect that fled on foot?
	A	Yes, my partner did. Ken Nash..
	Q	Okay. Now, what is it about the accident itself which stands out in your
memory, independent of the report?
	A	We arrived as two suspects were exiting the La Salle Street entrance of the
Buy More supermarket. We ordered them to halt. One suspect immediately fell to
the ground and surrendered. The other suspect fled on foot.
	Q	And that is the one that Kenneth Nash followed?
	A	Yes.
	Q	What happened next?
	A	I read the suspect, who had surrendered, his rights, frisked him, handcuffed
and placed him in the police vehicle.
	THE COURT:  In that order.
	THE WITNESS:  Yes, I believe so.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Where were the officers from other police unit? What were they doing?
	A	One was assisting me and the other officer went into the Buy More
supermarket to survey the situation.
	Q	When did your partner return to the scene of the robbery?
	A	About five minutes after the chase ensued.
	Q	Was he able to apprehend the suspect?
	A	No.

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Mrs. Perry, do you have a steady position at the Club Rio?
	A	Yes, I do.
	Q	Were you employed as a go-go dancer or as a waitress?
	A	As a waitress.
	Q	On the evening of August 24, were you dancing as part of the floor show?
	A	Yes, I was.
	Q	Was this part of the contract that you originally agreed upon when you
initially were employed you by the Club Rio?
	A	No. I was to work as a waitress.
	Q	Then, you never signed any contract or agreement to work as a dancer?
	A	No.
	Q	Did you consume any alcoholic beverages on the night of August 24 while you
were working as a waitress?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Is this normal to have a few drinks while working in this capacity?
	A	No, it isn't.
	Q	Would you explain why you decided to have a few drinks this particular
night?
	A	I only drank because a few friends had dropped in.
	MR. STPHAO:  Nothing further.

	THE COURT:  What kind of car do you use, Ms. Higgins?
	THE WITNESS:  I drive a Cadillac. That is, when it is not in the garage being
repaired.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Is your own car, the Cadillac, easy for you to drive?
	A	Yes, sir.
	Q	Is it a very heavy car?
	A	Oh, yes. It is the largest model produced.
	Q	Now then, Ms. Higgins, what type of model or car did the garage give you to
drive while yours was being repaired?
	A	It was one of those very small cars. I can't recall the name but it did have
a stick shift.
	Q	Was it a Volkswagen?
	A	Yes, sir. I believe it was.
	MR. STPHAO:  I object. Counsel's questions do not appear to be relevant in
this case.
	THE COURT:  I believe I understand the basis for the line of questioning by
counsel. Objection overruled.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Have you ever had the opportunity to drive a small car, such as the
Volkswagen prior to this time?
	A	No. I have not.

	MR. STPHAO:  Please state your full name.
	THE WITNESS:  Jane Ellen Drew.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Where do you live?
	A	109 East Avalon Boulevard, San Diego.
	Q	Where were you on the night of February 17 of this year?
	A	At home.
	Q	Did you see or hear anything unusual that evening?
	A	I certainly did.
	Q	Will you tell us about it?
	A	Yes. As I say, I was at home. I am a widow lady, you know, and live alone in
this little place. It's nice, mind you, but nothing fancy. Not like some people
I know who live like they are queens or something.

---

BY MS. CYBIL:
	Q	And by help, what did you mean?
	A	I use a shower chair.
	Q	Okay.
	A	And my husband helps me.
	THE COURT:  Do you have a handrail in the shower?
	THE WITNESS:  Yes.
	THE COURT:  Do you use the handrail?
	THE WITNESS:  Yes.
	THE COURT:  If nobody is around, could you do a shower by yourself?
	THE WITNESS:  No, I could not.
	THE COURT:  So you need company to help you?
	THE WITNESS:  Jamie does, yes.
BY MS. CYBIL:
	Q	Is Jamie your husband?
	A	Yes.
	MR. AKRON:  I hope so, otherwise he'll be very jealous.
BY MS. CYBIL:
	Q	Is Jamie a man or a woman?
	A	A man.
	Q	And what is Jamie's last name?
	A	Maloy, M-a-l-o-y.
	Q	And it is correct to assume that Jamie lives with you?
	A	Correct, yes. He does.
	Q	How long has Jamie lived with you?
	A	A year. Since we got married.
	Q	Okay. And when you get out of the shower and need to towel yourself dry, are
you able to do that?
	A	Yes, I am very slow, but yes.
	Q	Do you need help doing that or can you do that on your own?
	A	I do that on my own.
	Q	And when you brush your teeth, are you able to do that?
	A	Yes, I can.
	Q	Are you able to get dressed on your own?
	A	Yes. It just takes time.
	Q	Are you able to make the bed?
	A	No. I can't bend over.
	Q	Okay. Can you do the laundry?
	A	No, I can't.
	Q	Can you make breakfast for yourself?
	A	I usually eat toast. No.
	Q	And I should ask, did you make breakfast for yourself or cook before your
injury?
	A	Yes, I cooked all the time.
	Q	Are you able to cook at this point and make breakfast or meals for yourself?
	A	No.
	Q	Not at all?
	A	I make small meals. Simple ones.
	Q	What would you call a small or simple meal?
	A	A fried egg, an English muffin, bean burritos.
	Q	Tell me what part of cooking causes you discomfort or pain.
	A	Moving my body hurts.
