2 4 8 5 1 2 8 9 2 6 3 9 4 7 5 23 46 38 24 45 11 18 49 92 64 36 69 47 12 46 52
923 146 824 711 102 418 349 8,292 6,364 9,036 2,436 5,269 1,147 9,312 6,146
4,752

Do you know Dale and Doris?
Don drove Dave to the doctor.
What day did you depart?
Divorce is difficult.
The dealer was delayed.
Flow and Fran are friends.
The fall was fatal.
Frida failed to find the file.
Phil was found to be a fraud.

Dick picked the lock.
We took a walk on the deck.
Rick kicked in the front door.
Nick is too sick to talk.
How do you react to all this?
Reflect on her acts.
Do not reject the facts.
This detracts from the project.
How does this act impact you?

Be a mentor.
Visit a new museum each month.
Play the course at Pebble Beach.
Ride a glider.
Be a jazz disc jockey.
Spin a plate on a stick.
Set a record in the sport I'm best at.

---

In criminal cases, the people are considered the plaintiffs. Before a trial, a
person charged with a crime is given an opportunity to enter a plea. It is the
people and not the individual who is bringing forth the action. The people are
the individuals who are represented by an attorney. An attorney appointed by the
state is chosen as a representative of the state at the trial. The people bring
forth the suit, but it is up to the jury to decide the guilt or innocence of the
party who has been charged. The jury will make the decision whether the person
is guilty beyond all reasonable doubt. The jury may decide that the individual
is innocent beyond all reasonable doubt. The attorneys who represent the state
in all criminal cases must present enough evidence to convince the jury of the
person's guilt. The defendant must be shown to be guilty beyond all reasonable
doubt in the case.

If you don't visit the mob museum in downtown Las Vegas, it would be a crime.
Through videos, photographs, and interactive exhibits, the museum tells the
story of organised crime in the United States from its beginnings in the early
1900s, to today's federation international D-football association scandals.
Once you feel what it's like to be in a line up when you go behind the glass
wall, you see that it's a one way mirror, you'll vow never to do anything
wrong again. You can also stand in front of the rebuilt brick wall from
Chicago where the 1929 St. Valentine's Day massacre occurred. You can still
see the blood-spattered bullet holes in the bricks. The museum also shows the
evolution of Las Vegas from a 1905 railroad stop, to today's neon-lit gaming and
entertainment area. Admission is $24.

The police were not certain as to what happened in the intervening hours. The
intervening hours were between the time when the crime was supposed to have
occurred until the crime when the crime was actually reported. There was nothing
to indicate when the actual time the murder occurred. The intervening hours were
the hours before 10 p.m. and midnight, when the body was discovered. The body
was discovered shortly before midnight. The person who was arrested entered a
plea of temporary insanity. He indicated that he killed someone in the heat
of passion. The individual confessed that he committed the crime in a fit of
passion. The police did not question the suspect who confessed to the killing.
The key was the approximate time of the murder. There was a question with regard
to the approximate time of the murder, and what occurred during the intervening
hours. In this case, the testimony of one of the police officers was called
into question by the attorney for the defendant. It appeared that the police
officer had provided some conflicting statements in his testimony. Prior to
his testimony in court, he stated one set of facts. In the court testimony, he
stated another set of facts.

People call him the Bear Whisperer, but Steve Searles, wildlife officer for the
Mammoth Police Department in Mammoth Lakes, says he's more of a "bear yeller".
He reveals how humans and black bears live in harmony in the mountain town.
Years ago, the community wasn't storing its trash in a bear-proof way, so the
town became overrun with bears. We could kill the bears or act responsibly;
we chose the latter. Now, we keep solid waste and trash contained. We tell
everyone "clean out your cars, don't offer handouts". If a bear is caught doing
something naughty, I use pepper spray, rubber bullets, bean bag rounds, flash
bang devices: things that scare bears. I'm loud and obnoxious. I use my voice to
command their respect. They won't repeat the behaviour. They've learned I won't
tolerate them showing themselves, or drawing groups of people to take their
pictures. The bears know me. I've known their mother and their grandmother.
The black bears at this elevation eat about 4% meat in their diet per year.
Our bears are truly herbivores. We humans are not on their meal plan. Use good
judgment. Don't approach it. Observe it from a distance. If it comes toward you,
step aside and let it pass. When we see a bear, it brightens our day. You'll
talk about it for the rest of the day, and probably the next day.

As a result, the credibility of the testimony of that witness was brought
into question because his testimony in court and his testimony in the prior
testimony did not match. During his instructions to the jury, the judge made it
clear to the jury that they were to look at the credibility of the witnesses
when returning a verdict. The witness who raised doubt in the minds of several
jurors was the police officer who testified on behalf of the state. The jurors
discussed the fact that there were several different times where the police
officer's testimony did not match the testimony that he had previously given,
and that raised some serious doubt in the minds of the jurors. Several of the
jurors did not believe his testimony at all. Several of them believe that he did
not have enough time to read what the court reporter prepared. At one point, the
defendant's attorney said that there was not enough evidence presented by the
state to convict the defendant. The judge instructed the jury members not to
take a particular view of the defendant until they considered all the evidence
presented on both sides. The judge instructed them to decide the case in a
responsible manner. They were to look at the testimony and evidence presented on
both sides before reaching any conclusions. Both sides had presented a number of
good witnesses. Only the testimony of the one police officer lacked credibility.

Are you seeking Harmony? Signs for it are visible along the Cabrillo Highway
State Route 1, between Cambria and Morrow Bay. Take the turn off, and you'll
find yourself in the middle of the little two-acre town of Harmony, population:
18. The population number, which never changes, is part of Harmony's quirky
appeal. Walk down its one block street, and you'll feel as though you've stepped
into a long lost America. The former post office-turned hospitality room offers
visitors complementary cookies and drinks.

---

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Have you ever had any conversations with Wallace Mason?
	A	Yes.
	Q	When did you talk to Wallace Mason?
	A	While we both worked for Chilton.
	Q	Have you ever talked to him since?
	A	No.
	Q	Did you ever talk to him while you were at Chilton about leaving Chilton?
	A	No.
	Q	Did you ever tell him that you were going to leave Chilton and join Victory?
	A	No, sir.
	Q	While you were at Chilton, did you ever tell anybody that you were leaving
to work at Victory other than your notice?
	A	No, sir.
	Q	Have you ever, at any time, told anybody, to your knowledge, that Victory
knew everything there was to know about Chilton?
	A	No, sir. May I correct that statement?
	Q	Yes.
	A	I recall someone discussing something about Victory knowing something about
Chilton, and it referred to a time when Victory went over Chilton's books, as I
understand it, in a proposed merger of the two companies. I don't even recall
who made the statement or when it was.
	Q	Were you an employee of Chilton when Victory when did go over the books of
Chilton?
	A	I believe so.
	Q	You say there was a proposed merger?
	A	This is the rumour I have been told.
	Q	Who told you that?
	A	I believe it was Walter Grant.
	Q	Have you been told anything else with regard to that proposed merger?
	A	No, sir.
	Q	Do you know anything else about it?
	A	No, sir.
	Q	By rumour or otherwise?
	A	No, sir.

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	And her name, when you met and married her, was Lowrie. Is that correct?
	A	Yeah. Lynn Lowrie.
	Q	Would you give me your educational background, please?
	A	I completed eighth grade.
	Q	Where?
	A	In South Carolina. Hannah, South Carolina.
	Q	Since completing the eighth grade, have you had any other formal education,
attended any trade schools, or professional training?
	A	I took the GED when I came to California, and passed that, but I haven't had
any other formal education.
	Q	Have you been convicted of any felonies?
	A	I think this accident was a felony.
	Q	Is that the only felony?
	A	Yeah.
	Q	All right. Mr. Saul, the proceeding we've just begun is called a deposition.
Have you ever had your deposition taken before?
	A	Not like this. There was -- I was in a traffic accident, where somebody rear
ended me several years ago, and I had to go before a hearing like this to state
my story.
	Q	And there was a court reporter present who took it down?
	A	I don't think there was a recorder there. It was -- they had a referee, and
myself, and the other party.
	Q	Well, at the risk of repeating some of the things I'm sure you've discussed
with your attorney before we started, I wanted to go over the ground rules of a
deposition before we go further. Basically, a deposition is a question and
answer session, and nothing more than that. I'll be asking the questions, and
will be waiting for your answers. If your attorney has any questions, he'll ask
those. The young lady to your right is the certified shorthand reporter. Do you
understand that?
	A	Uh-huh.

---

BY MR. WILSON:
	Q	All right. And then did you continue at about 35 or 40 miles an hour?
	A	Yes.
	Q	And was that other vehicle going about the same speed?
	A	Yeah.
	Q	When I say the other vehicle, I mean the vehicle that was involved in the
accident?
	A	Yes.
	Q	There were some vehicles that were behind your vehicle?
	A	Correct.
	Q	The motorcycles, I mean.
	A	Correct.
	Q	And you have here in your statement they were travelling about your speed a
safe distance behind, and they weren't tailgating. Is that right?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Okay. You have in here that these cyclists did not appear to be riding
recklessly. Is that --
	A	Are you -- are you speaking of the person that got in the accident, or are
you talking about all the rest of them?
	Q	Let's make sure that we are clear. As you were headed westbound on Main --
	A	Yes --
	Q	I'm still back --
	A	All right.
	Q	Okay. So of those motorcycle riders, were any of those motorcycle riders
driving in any way that you felt was reckless?
	A	Absolutely.
	Q	What were they doing?
	A	They were just -- first of all, they were passing me on both sides of the
car at the same time.
	Q	Okay.
	A	They were going out over the -- over the double line.
	Q	Okay.
	A	And they were passing sometimes in twos --
	Q	Okay?
	A	And threes.
	Q	So you -- so you kind of maybe didn't feel real comfortable when they were
doing that. Is that right?
	A	Oh, gosh, no.
	Q	Okay. So then that group of motorcyclists passed. Is that right?
	A	Yes, but they -- like I said, they kept coming, and there were more --
	Q	Okay.
	A	Doing the same thing.
	Q	All right. And just now you said that there was a difference between the guy
who was involved in the accident as opposed to those. Do you recall that?
	A	Yes.
	Q	All right. Now with regard to the -- to the guy that was in this accident --
	A	Right.
