71.3 32.2 13.4 83.2 12.9 45.3 2730 3391 1945 6108 9234 8343 54.8 71.5 20.7 66.1
32.2 73.4 6341 9234 9096 4516 9362 3027 46.2 15.5 70.7 4943 2137 9119

The distance is 8.5 miles.
We were within .003 inches of the specifications.
My average is 3.4.
The city has 1.6 million people.
Her score is 97.5.
The mean is 81.2.

Umpire a major league game.
Calculate with an abacus.
March in the Macy's Thanksgiving Day parade.
To play frisbee.
Visit a castle in Spain.
Learn to repair my own car.
Earn an eagle scout badge.
Live without television.
Mountain bike in the Rockies.
Play the lead in a community theatre production.
Go behind the scenes at Disneyworld.
Break the sound barrier.
Live in a house designed by Frank Lloyd Wright.
Attend spring training.
Ride a helicopter to work.
Ski Aspen.
Serve regularly at the local soup kitchen.
Bid at an auction.
Visit Windsor Castle.
Wear only comfortable shoes.
Cruise the Greek islands.
Buy a lottery ticket for the one I love and see it win.

---

The case that was before the court was that of murder. The question that arose
was that of time. The murder that was committed was supposed to be some time
in the p.m. According to the police, the murder was committed at approximately
10:00 p.m. The time of the murder was established by the police. The police knew
that the crime had been committed before midnight. They were to produce evidence
of that fact. They established the crime as having occurred at approximately
10:00 p.m. They had testimony from a police officer that indicated the time of
the murder. The question is what happened in the intervening hours. The actual
crime was reported at about midnight. The body was discovered shortly before
midnight and reported to a police officer. That police officer called in the
murder. The person who reported the crime to the police officer confessed to the
killing. He indicated that he killed the individual in the heat of passion. He
indicated that in the intervening hours, he was deciding what to do about the
killing. According to police reports, the murder was committed at approximately
10:00 p.m.

With one son, Connor, at college in Oregon, and the other, Cooper, a busy
high schooler, I've seen long family vacations become as fleeting as their
childhoods. Squeeze-in trips are now the norm. So I texted Connor prior to a
long holiday weekend. Let's meet halfway in Santa Rosa. The boys, my husband,
Clint, and I had travelled to this laid back wine country town in central
Sonoma County, but usually as a quick detour from Santa Barbara. This time our
destination was Santa Rosa itself, a convenient hub for exploring the area.
Peaceful, two-lane roads leading to nearby attractions, wind past vineyards and
woods, and the sparkling Russian river runs through it.

The approximate time was established by one of the police officers. The police
officer later testified that he had witnessed the shooting. The officer's
testimony lacked credibility. It lacked credibility because the police officer
indicated that he left the scene. The reason he gave was that he was called to
the scene of another crime that was occurring. The police were not certain as
to what happened in the intervening hours. The intervening hours were between
the time the crime was supposed to have occurred, and the time that the crime
was actually reported. There was nothing the indicate when the actual time the
murder occurred. The intervening hours were the hours between 10:00 p.m. and
midnight, when the body was discovered.

In the case in which the testimony of one of the police officers was called
into question, it was the transcript of the court reporter that was used to
show that the police officer had lied under oath. The transcript was the report
that the court reporter provided. The transcript was the official record that
contained the testimony of the witness. It was the responsibility of the court
reporter to provide this testimony of the witness. The testimony was taken
under oath. After the transcript of the court reporter was reviewed it was
determined that the police officer gave conflicting statements within the
transcript. The attorney for the defendant noted that the testimony in several
places conflicted. The testimony that did not match was the testimony that had
been taken outside court. It appeared that the police officer had provided
come conflicting statements regarding where he had seen the defendant. In his
transcript prior to his testimony in court, his testimony conflicted in several
places. His testimony did not match in several different areas.

For me, the best lazy summer day is a float on the gentle lower Russian river.
I've paddled it twice by canoe, but this outing we took a guided kayak tour. For
eight miles or so, we let the current pull us past cottonwood, alder, and willow
trees. Our guide, Randy, pointed out snowy egrets, and mallards that appeared as
unruffled as I felt. While Clint and I, in our kayak, were content to drift, our
offspring, in theirs, chased everything in sight. And when we felt hungry, we
simply pulled over to a sandbar for a picnic lunch and then enjoyed a cool dip
and a nap before pushing off again.

To make matters worse in the court testimony, he gave more statements that
did not match. In fact, he stated another different set of facts. His
testimony did not agree with the testimony that he had previously given. In
the cross-examination of the police officer, the defence attorney was able to
find several times where the testimony of the police officer did not match
the transcript of his testimony that he had before him. He referred to that
transcript a number of times during the court testimony. It was for this reason
that the credibility of the police officer was called into question. He caught
the police officer in a number of different lies. The police officer said that
the testimony in the verbatim transcript was not correct. He said that he had
not been given an opportunity to review it.

The floor-to-ceiling wall mural gave me a sense of how good cartoonist Charles
Schultz was. During his career, he inked 17,987 Peanuts comic strips. 3,588 of
them were pieced together to create the image. As we took in the displays of
Snoopy's dog house and the kite eating tree, I felt nostalgic for my childhood,
where I would spend Sundays on the living room floor with my paper's comics
section. Schultz, a Santa Rosa resident for 30 years loved hockey so much that
he built a community ice rink next to the museum. We poked our heads into the
rink's lobby, where he sometimes ate breakfast.

---

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Now, calling your attention to the date of October 18, you were driving a
car that was involved in an automobile accident, isn't that correct?
	A	Yes, sir.
	Q	At approximately what time of the day or night did the accident happen?
	A	I think it was about 7:00 p.m. or thereabouts.
	Q	All right. Was it dark?
	A	I think it was, sir.
	Q	Were your headlights on?
	A	I think they were. I don't recall.
	Q	Were the headlights on on the other car that struck you?
	A	That I wouldn't know, sir.
	Q	All right. Now was the weather clear and drink?
	A	Yes.
	Q	The streets were dry, weren't they?
	A	Yes, they were.
	Q	Now, at the time of this accident, where were you going?
	A	I was going down Valley. That's toward Five Points, but I don't know whether
it is south, east, or west.
	Q	I meant what was going to be your destination. Where were you going?
	A	I was going home. I lived on Fifth Avenue.
	Q	You were going home?
	A	Yes, I was.
	Q	And where were you coming from?
	A	Where was I coming from?
	Q	Yes. Did you come from a movie, or from a store, or what?
	A	I was coming from a friend's house.
	Q	And what friend was this? What was his name?
	A	Jim Carter, C-a-r-t-e-r.
	Q	Was he in the car with you at the time of the accident?
	A	Yes, he was, sir.
	Q	And for what reason had you been to his house?
	A	I was just visiting over at his house.
	Q	And why was he coming back with you?
	A	I was going to drive him to work.
	Q	On the night of the accident?
	A	Yes, sir.

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Sir, would you please state your name for the record.
	A	John Allen Saul.
	Q	And what is your date of birth, please.
	A	10/31/39.
	Q	Social security number?
	A	461512177.
	Q	What is your current address?
	A	11050 Avallon, A-v-a-l-l-o-n, Drive, West Valley.
	Q	How long have you live at that address?
	A	Five years.
	Q	Who, if anyone, lives at that address with you?
	A	My wife, Lynn.
	Q	How long have you been married to Lynn?
	A	Five years.
	Q	She's present here with us today?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Are you presently employed?
	A	I'm self-employed.
	Q	And in what field of work?
	A	I have a tree service, trim trees, and cut trees down.
	Q	I understand. What name or names do you do business?
	A	John's Tree Service.
	Q	How long have you been self-employed in the tree service business?
	A	About 30 years.
	Q	Have you operated under the same name, John's Tree Service, for the past 30
years?
	A	Let's see... for a short time in Minnesota, it was a partnership. It was
North Tree Service.
	Q	During what years, or year, was that?
	A	About 1963-62.
	Q	That would be about 35 years ago?
	A	Yeah.
	Q	For how long have you done business under the name "John's Tree Service"?
	A	I'd say 30 years.
	Q	And how many of those 30 years have been in California?
	A	Since '64. Moved here in the winter of '64.
	Q	Have you done business under any other name than John Allen Saul or John's
Tree Service since 1964?
	A	No.
	Q	Have you ever been incorporated?
	A	Oh, wait. I did, too. In '66, '67, and '68, I did business under High Top
Tree Service in Orange County.
	Q	What is your business address?
	A	I use a P.O. Box. That, and the home address.
	Q	Do you use your home address as a storage facility for your business
equipment and your yard, so to speak?
	A	Well, all correspondence either goes to the house or the P.O. Box.
	Q	Where do you maintain vehicles or equipment?
	A	I keep my wood down at -- on a lot on Northwood Street.
	Q	What is the address there?
	A	670 Wood.
	Q	Do you store or keep any other equipment?
	A	I've got an old boom truck down there, but it's non-operable.

---

BY MR. WILSON:
	Q	Have you had a chance to read that?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Okay. Do you recall signing the statement?
	A	Yes.
	Q	And is that your signature on the back?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Okay. When I say "the back", I mean the second page.
	A	Yes.
	Q	What I'm going to do is I'm going to mark, for the record, the notice of
today's deposition as Exhibit 17. We're going in order to some -- from some
prior depositions.
	A	Uh-huh.
	Q	And I'm going to label as Exhibit 18 the statement that you have read now
and confirmed this is your signature on the back.
	A	Yes.
	Q	And when this was taken -- it indicates that it was taken or that you signed
it on January 20 back in 2012.
	A	Right.
	Q	I want you to feel free if you need to refresh your memory, feel free to
refer to it.
	A	Sure.
	Q	And one thing I want to ask about: do you see where it says on Sunday
September 18 at about 1:00 p.m.?
	A	Uh-huh.
	Q	Is that a "yes"?
	A	Yes. I'm sorry.
	Q	And does that refresh your memory as far as the time of the accident?
	A	Yes. I mean, like I said before, I thought it was a little bit earlier.
	Q	Okay. And all I'm saying is that because this statement was taken earlier in
time, your memory -- was your memory better, do you think, back when this
statement was taken than it is today?
	A	Probably, yes.
	Q	Okay. Again, feel free to use it as you -- as you feel appropriate. On the
day of the accident, and when I say "the day of the accident", I'm going to be
referring to September 18, 2011 -- you were heading on Main, you mentioned, and
you encountered some motorcycles, and that was within minutes of your getting on
to Main, correct?
	A	Yes.
