could, dear, made, glad, like, last, shall, more, other, to, write, also, must,
should, there, only, same, little, matter, give, find, sent, who, going, school,
take, new, sir, let, attention, account, kindly, hope, year, first

whether you had, whether you have, whether you have been, whether you have
had, whether you know, whether you recall, whether you recalled, whether
you recollect, whether you recollected, whether you remember, whether you
remembered, whether you say, whether you shall, whether you understand, whether
you want, whether you wanted, whether you were, whether you will, whether
you would, which are, which can, which cannot, which could, which had, which
happened

tap, rap, mat, rat, bar, tack, at, band, master, Matt, slack, lack, back, star,
slat, car, Sam, spar, bad, fad, Dad, brass, lad, bracket, land, ran, fat, shad,
ban, tan, van, tad, slab, par, Sal, lab, sad, dance, plan, bad, mad, Brett,
smart, lard, start, pass, mart, wag, rag, slag, tart, lag, cad, mar, far, war,
bladder, tackle, market

Jake, David, rate, stair, same, taper, rake, sale, gain, lame, pail, pace, rail,
mane, Jane, hair, pays, bane, main, stadium, wane, Lail, vein, brake, ray, Lail,
paid, pray, brazen, stake, tail, cake, date, cane, place, baking, spray, lay,
ace, pair, hair, hail, pail, grate, grave, paper, trail, sable, cable, laid,
lake, blade, mayor, brace, trade, raid, case

Put the cake into the oven. We met ten years ago. Mary expressed a keen interest
in art. I mailed it one week ago. How much money did you put into the bank?
How much interest are you getting? A long time ago, I broke my toe. Take the
groceries into the house. He left suddenly an hour ago. A court reporter must
be disinterested. If you are disinterested, you do not favour one side or the
other. If you are uninterested, you are bored. He suddenly looked into the
matter. That was an interesting matter.

---

I was driving down the highway on my way to work. I travel that road every day.
There was nothing unusual about the day in question, except, unfortunately, it
was the day the defendant hit my car. I would say I was going approximately 55.
I know everyone always says that, but it's the truth. I was going the speed
limit. I rarely speed. Maybe if I'm late, I might go 57 or 58. Ask anyone who
knows me: they'll tell you, too. My best friends make fun of me and tell me that
I drive like an old woman. I have never even gotten a ticket in my life. I try
to do the right thing, but he hit me, and now my car is totalled.

independent, statement, defendant, acknowledge, other than

A confession is a statement made by a defendant other than at his trial in which
he has acknowledged his guilt of crimes for which he is on trial. In order
to constitute a confession, such a statement must acknowledge participation
in the crimes as well as the required criminal intent. A statement made by
a defendant other than at his trial is not a confession, but an admission.
Whenever the statement does not by itself acknowledge his guilt of the crimes
for which he is on trial, but which tends to prove his guilt when considered
with the rest of the evidence. Evidence of an oral admission or confession of a
defendant ought to be viewed with caution. You are the exclusive judges as to
whether an admission or a confession was made by the defendant, and whether the
statement is true in whole or in part. If you should find that such a statement
is entirely untrue, you must reject it. If you find that it is true in part,
you may consider that part that you find to be true. No person may be convicted
of a criminal offence unless there is some proof of each element of the crime
independent of any confession or admission made by him outside of this trial.
The identity of the person who is alleged to have committed a crime is not an
element of the crime, nor is the degree of the crime. Such identity or degree of
the crime may be established by an admission or confession. Remember that your
first duty is to determine that a crime has been committed. You must do that
before you can consider whether the defendant made a confession or admission,
and whether such admission or confession is true.

combustable, deteriorate, pyrolytic, decomposition, chemical, charring

When prolonged heating is aimed against something combustable, we call that
pyrolytic action. Anything that will burn is combustable. Pyrolytic action
begins to deteriorate that combustable material, and cause charring. If it is
wood, it will form a charcoal film. Over a long amount of time, the pyrolytic
action will break down the tissue of that wood, so that it would ignite at
possibly as low as 100 degrees.

Doctor Mardini urged him to think very hard about the transplant. Only about two
dozen operations had been done in the past. He wanted Sandness to understand the
risks and lifelong regimen of taking anti-rejection drugs. After researching the
surgery, Sandness had some concerns about the side effects of the drugs, but was
still undeterred, and knew he wanted to go for it. "When you look like I looked,
and you function like I function, every little bit of hope that you have, you
just jump on it", he says. "And this was the surgery that was going to take me
back to normal". He knew he had to jump on this amazing opportunity. Sandness
had to undergo a rigorous psychiatric evaluation to address, among other things,
should this surgery be done on someone who had attempted suicide in the past?
There were several factors that weighed in his favour: his resilience and
motivation, his strong family support, his long standing rapport with Doctor
Mardini, and the length the time since the shooting took place. Then, last
June, five months after his name was added to the waiting list of the United
Network for Organ Sharing, he got the word that a donor was available for him.
Kaylyn, otherwise known as Rudy Ross, had fatally shot himself. His devastated
19 year old widow, Lily, was eight months pregnant. Despite her overwhelming
grief, she carried out her husband's wishes to be an organ donor. She met with
a coordinator from Life Source, a non-profit group that helps families in the
upper Midwest facilitate organ and tissue donation. Ross' heart, lungs, liver,
and kidneys were donated. Additional screening determined that he was a good
match for a man awaiting a face transplant. In a second conversation, Life
Source broached the idea. "I was skeptical at first", Lilly says, "I didn't want
to walk around and all of a sudden see Kaylyn". She was reassured because the
donor had his own eyes and forehead and wouldn't be recognisable as her husband.
The Mayo's medical team, which had rehearsed the surgery for three and a half
years with cadaver heads gathered one June night to start the 56 hour marathon.
It took about 24 hours to procure the donor's face, which involved taking bone,
muscle, skin, and nerves, and almost the same time to prepare Sandness. His face
was rebuilt below his eyes, taking an additional 32 hours. "Having a nose and
mouth are blessings", he says, "the looks are a bonus". He and Lilly Ross have
been in contact. She wanted him to know about her husband. Last fall, she wrote
to Sandness, describing Ross as a giving person who loved hunting and trapping.
Sandness replied with a note of appreciation. When Lilly latter saw photos of
Sandness, she learned the two men shared a passion for the outdoors. Sandness,
now 31, is thrilled to eat steak and pizza again. Recently, he attended a hockey
game, where he says he was just another face in the crowd. Just thinking about
that makes him smile.

---

adjustment, expenses, utilities, overhead, increase, plaintiff, I don't know,
agreement

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	What did you say to the plaintiff, and what did the plaintiff say to you?
	A	That the expenses had gone up, and that some adjustment should be made.
	Q	Were the utilities mentioned?
	A	Yes.
	Q	What was said?
	A	That they were merely double.
	Q	In what time span?
	A	Over the three years.
	Q	Did he give you the figures?
	A	Yes, he did.
	Q	Can you remember what they were?
	A	No, not exactly.
	Q	What did you tell the plaintiff?
	A	That I did not know why there was such a large increase.
	Q	Did you have any written agreements with the plaintiff?
	A	I believe it could be called a written agreement.
	Q	Was that written agreement prepared by the plaintiff?
	A	I don't know.
	Q	Do you have a copy of the written agreement that you have referred to?
	A	I don't know. I don't know whether I have a copy or not.
	Q	In general, what does it say?
	A	It says that the utilities and other overhead expenses should be shared
between the parties.
	Q	Did it say anything else that you can recall?
	A	No, not that I recall.
	Q	Do you recall any figures at all that were mentioned to you?
	A	I don't believe I do.
	Q	Can you remember the date that the plaintiff told you it increase?
	A	No.

restaurant, testimony, courtroom, no further questions, nothing further, thank
you, witness, officer, your Honour, testifying

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Are you talking about the restaurant?
	A	The restaurant? No.
	Q	Okay. What kind of a light?
	A	An overhead flood type. Some of the bulbs were missing.
	Q	All right. Where was that in relationship to Mr. Kovach when you saw him?
	A	Well he was -- it would be in back of him: over his head. He was between the
corner of the building and the light.
	Q	And he would have been clearly lit, right?
	A	Well, pretty clear.
	Q	Your testimony was that when you first saw the other party, you didn't see
Mr. Kovach, right?
	A	That is right. Simply because he was behind --
	Q	Just a moment. Why don't you answer the question?
	A	Why didn't you let me answer it?
	Q	Because you don't run the courtroom, sir. That is why.
	THE COURT:  Just ask the question. You just answer them, if you will, please.
Listen closely to the question and answer the question that is asked.
	MR. STPHAO:  I have no further questions.
	THE COURT:  Mr. Skinner?
	MR. EUFPLT:  Nothing further.
	THE COURT:  Mr. Owen?
	MR. STPHAO:  Nothing further.
	THE COURT:  Thank you, sir. You may step down. Did you want this witness on
call, Mr. Skinner?
	MR. EUFPLT:  I have objected to him being excused. If you want to put him on
call, all right.
	MR. STPHAO:  Do you think you will be using him today.
	MR. EUFPLT:  No.
	MR. STPHAO:  All right. I will call Officer Moss.
	MR. EUFPLT:  I didn't get the name.
	THE COURT:  Moss. State your name, please.
	THE WITNESS:  Daryl Moss.
	MR. EUFPLT:  Your Honour, am I correct at this time in assuming that this
witness is testifying solely against Mr. Kovach, and no way has any connection
whatsoever with Mr. Maggie?
	THE COURT:  Is that correct, Mr. Owen? Is this witness's testimony along the
same lines and on the subject as the previous witness?
	MR. STPHAO:  No, different subject, but connected to the same things.
	THE COURT:  Is this the evidence that is going to be offered against both
defendants?
	MR. STPHAO:  Only Mr. Kovach.

---

BY MR. GREEN:
	Q	Tell the jury, please, how you first became involved in this investigation?
	A	On Sunday, I believe it was, November 6th. I was contacted at my residence
by Agent Davis, I believe. And I was asked to respond to Hart County to help
with the investigation, which I did. I then arrived in the early morning hours.
	Q	How was it that you first helped in the investigation?
	A	I responded to the meeting post on Oak Road, and I met with Agent Davis and
Agent Winters and other agents. We had a briefing as to what information had
been found at that point, what some of the goals of the investigation were and
some of the things that were taking place at the scene. I was then -- my first
job was to respond to the city of Hart: to give an interview with a citizen.
	Q	Agent Meryl, of the seven or eight days during that time, officers were
helping with the search of -- at least the search of the Oak Salvage Property.
How many of those days were you helping in those efforts?
	A	I was helping in the beginning investigation at the scene for approximately
the first week, but most of my time was spent doing a neighbourhood search of
the case.
	Q	What is a neighbourhood search? Can you explain what that is?
	A	A neighbourhood search is simply going out and trying to make personal
face-to-face contact with all individuals that reside in the immediate area of
the crime, or people that may work businesses or place in the immediate area and
questioning them and asking them if they have seen anything odd. Seen or heard
anything that they feel, or that agents feel, may somehow help. That's part of
the investigation that can help us with the case.
