next, love, copy, use, hear, being, every, night, back, soon, however, because,
until, price, better, today, believe, such, course, present, think, old, feel,
information, best, note, amount, check, yet, many, never, put, great, possible,
cannot, man

place of business, place of employment, plaintiff's exhibit, point of law, point
of view, police department, police officer, police station, preponderance of the
evidence, Mr. President, Ms. President, the president, vice president, previous
to, prior to, proximate cause, can he recall, can I recall, can recall, could
have recalled, could recall, did he recall, did I recall, did you recall

bar, bear, purr, pure, Hal, hail, bit, byte, pass, pace, hit, height, speck,
speak, cleanse, clean, scat, skate, plan, plain, sweat, sweet, snack, snake,
check, cheek, shack, shake, slat, slate, cut, cute, den, dean, tar, tear, sir,
sire, till, tile, pal, pail, tell, teal, prim, prime, strand, strained, limb,
lime, clam, claim, still, style, trill, trial, sham, shame, glass, glaze, char,
chair, cub, cube, mutt, mute, men, mean

J.D. Johnson B.S. works for the C.P.A.
L.E. Walker works for the C.B.S.
T.Z. Smith works for N.B.C.
Col. P.L. Colt M.D. at the A.M.A.
Col. R.V. Wills B.A. at the N.L.R.B.
Col. H.M. Brown R.N. at the F.D.A.
F.R. Atkins works for the P.T.A.
Reach W.S. Hanks PhD at the T.V.A.
C.M. Cutter works for the C.D.C.
Reach N.D. Phelps C.P.A. at the I.R.S.
H.A. Miller works for the U.N.
Reach B.T. Marvin D.D.S. at the U.C.L.A.

He is very good at playing character roles.
Goofy is a character in the cartoon.
Can you assess my character with a test.
Those two boys are real characters.
The characters are easy to read.
Who are the characters in the play?
Is it characteristic of her to cry so much?
Mumbling is his least likeable characteristic.
Covered bridges are characteristic there.
He has a long list of good characteristics.
Dan has characteristics of a good employee.
What characteristics must the players have?
I would characterise him as ambitious.
Would you characterise her answer as silly?
Dave characterised his boss as a miser.
I want to order an original and one copy.
The original question was not answered.
He does not have one original thought.
Where did you put the originals?
Are those paintings really originals?
The originals have greater depth.
That is what I originally said to him.
We originally planned it that way.
That was originally the idea.

---

Dear Sir,

Have you ever wanted to learn to fly? Have you pictured yourself in the cockpit
of a plane? Would you like to have a pilot's license? A license to fly will make
it possible for you to do scores of things that were never possible before. Our
flight training makes it easy to learn to fly. Our centres offer you full flight
and ground school training, and our course is designed so that what you learn on
the ground fully trains you for your solo flight. You will feel as though you
are up in the air and flying while you are learning in our ground trainer. Call
us today and enjoy the freedom of flight.

Sincerely yours,

Soaring in the Sky

The federal code also covers exclusion of jurors on the basis of race or colour.
Discrimination against a person wearing the uniform of the armed forces,
protection of a wide range of activities from election rights, to public school
enrolment, to interstate businesses during a riot, depravation of relief
benefits, damage to religious property or obstruction of the free exercise of
religious beliefs, and obstruction of access of reproductive health services.
Penalties are primary fines, but also include up to life imprisonment and
sentence of death for serious violations and inclusion of kidnapping, sexual
abuse, or killing in the crime. Reform rape, a type of aggravated battery,
is so universally abhorrent that it has held its place as a separate and
more serious crime. Unlawful sexual intercourse against the victim's will by
force, or threat of immediate force, could be punished by death. Until Coker
Vs Georgia declared the death penalty for rape unconstitutional. The intimate
nature that makes this offence so serious, makes it so difficult to discuss and
evaluate. Rigid perceptions of gender roles also have hindered a willingness
to be more open discussing sex crimes. Recently, however, reforms in social
attitudes have reached the law. Expanding protection against a greater variety
of offences and placing greater emphasis on harm to the victim. New statutes
reflect the following changes. Victim testimony, sexual offence trials often pit
the world of the victim against the world of the defendant. Traditionally, the
victim's credibility had to be bolstered by evidence of her previous chastity,
and corroboration of the witness. Her believability dwindled further with any
delay in reporting the crime. Now, rape shield laws prevent evidence of the
victim's prior sexual activity from being introduced in court unless it is
relevant to consent. Children can testify in some courts via video tape, or with
the aid of anatomically correct dolls to make the experience less traumatic.
Statutes of limitations restricting the time period in which prosecution must be
started have been eliminated for sexual offences against children in 11 states
and eliminated without regard for age for the most serious sexual offences
in an additional six states. Many other states have extended time limits,
corroboration may be circumstantial. These changes are not without problems.
A defendant's sixth amendment right to confront the accuser may be diminished
by video taped testimony. Expert opinion that rape trauma syndrome may cause
the victim to repress the evidence, making difficult the identification of the
offender, and reporting of the crime, is not add admissible in some courts as
a still questionable and prejudicial theory. Such changes may interfere with
the defendant's right to a speedy trial, as well as the timely gathering of
evidence.

I am concerned about the points raised my Mr. Gilmore. First, a robbery is a
robbery whether taken -- or whether property is taken from the person or the
immediate presence of the victim. Immediate presence does not require that the
property be taken within the actual presence of the victim. A property can be
taken within the same house from one room to another. As soon as one act, which
is endemic to the robbery takes place in the presence of the victim. Then the
property is deemed to have been taken within their immediate presence. Secondly,
Mr. Gilmore says that there is no sequence of events. I disagree strongly with
that. I think that we certainly did present a strong suspicion as to what the
sequence of events was. At the hearing, we had Mr. Stanley saying that Brian
left his house and therefore must have arrived at his own house somewhere
between 3:00 and 3:10 in the afternoon. If you recall, he said that Brian left
his house saying that he was going home. The boys live right across the street
from each other. So, if that is to be believed, Brian got home between 3:00 and
3:10. The car was seen parked behind the Duncan house at 3:15 to 3:30, and it
seems that Tom Wilson saw the car at approximately 3:15. Thus, if we adopt this
sequence of events, Brian was already in the house when Snyder got into that
house, intent on robbery. Thus, it would be hard to believe that Snyder took all
of the property out of the house and then in some way confronted Duncan. Why
would he? He would have left the house, and there would have been no need for a
confrontation. Over and above that, entry was via the master bedroom window.

Rattlesnake, red rock rattlesnake, vaccine, venomous, snakes, infectious,
infections, veterinarian

Rattlesnake bite is a veterinary emergency. It results in serious injury or
even death to thousands of dogs each year. Rattlesnake venom is a complex
mixture of toxins that spreads through a dog's body following the bite. Red
rock rattlesnake vaccine was developed to help defend dogs against from the
dangerous effects of rattlesnake venom. That's rattlesnake protection that
will put you and your dog at ease. Rattlesnakes live in a variety of habitats.
They are found in wetlands, deserts, and forests. From sea level to mountain
elevations. Rattlesnakes are most active in warmer seasons, from spring to
autumn. In southern latitudes they are occasionally found year round. Dogs are
at risk for rattlesnake bites. They can encounter a rattlesnake any time they
are in rattlesnake habitats. You and your dog may live near rattlesnakes. You
may travel through, or frequently visit places where rattlesnakes are found.
Perhaps they live where you take your dog hiking, camping, hunting, or even
on a walk. Like people, dogs may stumble upon a snake by accident. Curiosity,
or a protective instinct, can place your dog at risk. Red rock rattlesnake
vaccine helps to protect him or her. Damage caused by rattlesnake bite can be
serious. When injected into an unprotected dog, the toxins in snake venom are
very painful, and can have serious consequences. Even if your dog survives, the
immediate effects of a rattlesnake bite, he can be permanently injured by the
venom. Treatment of rattlesnake bites is expensive. It may include anti-venom
injections that can cost hundreds to thousands of dollars. Use of anti-venom is
associated with an increased risk of adverse effects, which can complicate a
dog's recovery. Other costs of snakebite treatment may include hospitalisation,
intravenous fluids, other medicines, and even surgery. Vaccination can reduce
the impact of snakebite or eliminate the need for anti-venom and decrease other
treatment costs. Vaccines work by stimulating an animal's immunity to defend
against harmful agents. The rattlesnake, or vaccine, is intended to help create
an immunity that will protect your dog. Even after your dog is vaccinated, she
should be taken to a veterinarian for evaluation and care as soon as possible
following a snakebite. This can determine whether your dog needs more treatment.
Even bites by non-venomous snakes can lead to serious infections and antibiotic
treatment may be needed. So, a veterinarian is the best person to consult
regarding medical decisions for your dog.

---

counsel, defendant, children, evening, husband, how old

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	What was his name?
	A	Robert Sutherland.
	Q	How old a man was he?
	A	He was 47, I think.
	Q	Did you see your husband on the evening of November 21?
	A	Yes, I did.
	Q	And was that at your home?
	A	Yes.
	Q	About what time of the evening was it when you first saw your husband?
	A	Approximately 5:30 or 6:00.
	Q	Was there anyone else at home with you at the time that you first saw your
husband?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Who else was there?
	A	My children.
	Q	How many would that be?
	A	Two.
	Q	Two children?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Now, I call your attention to the defendant, Richard Thomas, who is seated
at the far end of the counsel table. Do you see him over there?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Do you know him?
	A	Yes.
	Q	In what way do you know him?
	A	He is my son-in-law.
	Q	Was the defendant at your home that evening?
	A	Yes.
	Q	About what time did you first see him?
	A	I saw him for the first time the early part of the evening before I saw Mr.
Sutherland.
	Q	Did you see the two of them there at your home, together?
	A	Yes.
	Q	What time was that?
	A	Approximately 5:30 or 6:00.

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	After you showed the 17 photographs, which have been marked as Exhibit 3,
did Mrs. Rodriguez select one of the photographs as the person who had raped
her?
	A	Yes, sir.
	Q	Which photograph did she select?
	A	Well, they were in order. I have to look at the number.
	Q	Would you identify which of the photographs out of the 17 that she selected?
	A	This one.
	MR. STPHAO:  Counsel stipulate that that's William Kenneth Goode?
	MR. EUFPLT:  Yes.
	MR. STPHAO:  May we have that one marked 3A?
	THE COURT:  It will be marked 3A.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	In relation to the 3:30 a.m. hour of April the 5th, 2011, when did you
should you her the photographs?
	A	About an hour and a half afterwards.
	MR. STPHAO:  Thank you. Nothing further.
	THE COURT:  Counsel?
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Was this at her home that you talked with Mrs. Rodriguez?
	A	At first?
	Q	Yes.
	A	The first contact, yes, sir.
	Q	When you received notification that this particular car license plate was
registered to William Kenneth Goode, was there also an address with that?
	A	Yes, sir.
	Q	And what was that?
	A	I don't remember the exact numbers. It was in Prescott, Arizona.
	Q	Did that list some business in Prescott?
	A	Yes, sir.
	Q	While you were with Mrs. Rodriguez, did she show you any particular items of
clothing, or did you notice anything that would be unusual, such as torn
clothing or that sort of thing?
	A	No, sir. I did not.
	Q	Was there anything -- was there anything that was noteworthy regarding her
appearance, such as bruises, cuts, et cetera, that sort of thing?
	A	No, sir.
	Q	Then at some point, did you bring her to the Santa Anna Community Hospital?
	A	Yes, sir.
	Q	I have no other questions.
	THE COURT:  Counsel?
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	In that respect, were you provided two specimens from a Dr. Brian, who
examined her at the Santa Anna Community Hospital?
	A	Yes, I was.
	Q	What did you do with those specimens?
	A	Put them in this particular evidence envelope and marked it and placed it in
evidence locker number 5.
	Q	At the Santa Anna Police Department?
	A	Yes, sir.
	Q	And regarding the defendant himself, was a warrant of arrest obtained based
on the incident report provided by Mrs. Rodriguez?
	A	Yes, sir. It was.
	Q	Were you able to effect the arrest of the defendant?
	A	No, sir. I personally did not.
	Q	Thank you.
	MR. STPHAO:  I have nothing further.
	MR. EUFPLT:  Nothing further, your Honour.
	THE COURT:  You may step down. You're excused. Those are being marked?
	MR. STPHAO:  Yes.

---

BY MR. WYMAN:
	Q	Now, Mr. Tyson, the search effort you said lasted several days, were you
there throughout the entire week in these search efforts?
	A	For most of the days, I was on the property. We were searching other
residences, buildings, areas of land, junked cars, and automobiles that were
parked in certain areas. So my duties were with other officers throughout the
week. But we were doing searches of different residences and areas on the
property.
	Q	I am going to show you -- I think in front of you, you have one of the
pictures. Could you look at that picture, please, and tell us what it is.
	A	That is the evidence photograph of a bleach bottle.
	Q	And do you recognise this particular of evidence?
	A	Yes, I do.
	Q	How is it that you recognise it?
	A	This evidence was collected, I believe, on March 1st. We were doing another
search warrant on the property, and this bottle was taken out of the bathroom
laundry area of Richard Alcala's residence.
	Q	I know that we're jumping ahead a little bit to March 1st, do you understand
that search warrant, to have been ordered by a judge after a statement has been
given by this defendant, Noah Carter?
	A	Yes, I do.
	Q	Were you really looking for a bleach bottle at that time?
	A	Yes. We were given numerous particular items to be looking for. We got the
search warrant looking for items this time, compared to the time prior.
	Q	Okay. I am going to hand you the next exhibit. Perhaps you can tell the jury
what that is, please.
	A	That would be the bleach bottle taken from the bathroom laundry area of
Richard Alcala's residence.
	Q	So it was within his trailer. That is, within his bathroom, that this bleach
bottle was found. Is that right?
	A	That's my understanding, yes.
