Lee is late a lot.
The lady lied to her lawyer.
Lloyd was loyal to Lois.
A little lad is lost.
Lou has a lease.
Ned heard a noise last night.
Nora needs a nurse now.
Notice the nine new neck ties.
Know I was never near there.

Half the staff left the office.
His wife is safe with Ralph.
See the shelf on the left.
The cop stopped pop at the shop.
Pap was a sap to help Hope.
Tab was robbed and stabbed.
He called a cab.
I saw Rob in the lobby.
I heard a sob from the lab.

Arkansas 72254
California 95877
Delaware 19901
Georgia 30358
Illinois 62790
Kansas 66621
Maryland 21421
Minnesota 55132
Montana 59601
New Jersey 08651
New York 12202
Ohio 43223
Oregon 97341
South Dakota 57501
Virginia 23297
Wisconsin 53703

---

The law makes no distinction between direct and circumstantial evidence. It
is for you to determine the importance to be given to the evidence regardless
of whether it is direct of circumstantial. A witness may give an opinion of
a subject upon which the witness has become and expert because of education,
study, or experience. You should consider the opinion of an expert and the
reasons, if any given for it. However, you are not bound by any expert opinion.
Give the expert opinion the importance that you believe it deserves. Each count
charges a separate and distinct offence. You must decide each count separately
on the evidence with the law applicable to it, uninfluenced by your decision
on any other count. You may find that the state has proved beyond a reasonable
doubt all, some, or none of the charged offences. Your finding for each count
must be stated in a separate verdict. Intentionally, or with intent to, means
that a defendant's objective is to cause that result or to engage in that
conduct.

Once, long ago, in a land far away, there lived four little characters who ran
through a maze looking for cheese to nourish them and make them happy. Two were
mice named Sniff and Scurry and two were little people: beings who were as small
as mice who looked and acted a lot like people today. Their names were Hem and
Haw. Due to their small size, it would be easy not to notice what the four of
them were doing. But, if you looked closely enough, you could discover the most
amazing things. Every day the mice and the little people spend time in the maze
looking for their own special cheese. The mice, Sniff and Scurry, possessing
only simple rodent brains but good instinct instincts, searched for the hard
nibbling cheese they liked as mice often do. The two little people, Hem and
Haw, used their brains filled with many beliefs to search for a very different
type of cheese with a capital "C", which they believed would make them feel
happy and successful. As different as the mice and little people were, they
shared something in common. Each morning, they put on their jogging suits and
running shoes, left their little homes and raced out into the maze, looking for
their favourite cheese. The maze was a labyrinth of corridors and chambers, some
containing delicious cheese. But there were also dark corners and blind alleys
leading nowhere. It was an easy place for anyone to get lost. However, for those
who found their way, the maze held secrets that let them enjoy a better life.

A person who has been charged with a crime of murder is charged with committing
a serious crime. There is a difference between the crime of assault and the
crime of battery. The crime of assault may occur when someone does not actually
harm the individual. Placing anyone in the position of placing them in fear of
being harmed is enough to be considered assault. The crime of murder is more
serious. If a person is convicted of a crime that is considered a felony, the
person is considered to be a felon. A person who has committed a felony will be
sent to a state prison. A person who has been charged with the crime of murder
will be acquitted if the jury finds that the person is not guilty of the charge.
In this case, the jury found the defendant guilty but the judge reversed the
decision.

The mice, Sniff and Scurry, used a simple but inefficient trial and error method
of finding cheese. They ran down one corridor, and if it proved empty, they
turned and ran down another. Sniff would smell out the general direction of the
cheese using his great nose and Scurry would race ahead. They got lost as you
might expect, went off in the wrong direction, and bumped into walls. However,
the two little people, Hem and Haw, used a different method that relied on their
ability to think and learn from their past experiences, although they would
sometimes get confused by their beliefs and emotions. Eventually, in their own
way, they all discovered what they were looking for. They each found their own
kind of cheese. One day, at the end of one of the corridors, in cheese station
C, every morning after that, the mice and the little people dressed in their
running gear and headed over to cheese station C. It wasn't long before they
each established their own routine. Sniff and Scurry continued to wake early
every day and race through the maze, always following the same route.

---

	Q	At that time, were you employed by the state?
	A	I was employed by the state.
	Q	In what capacity were you employed?
	A	State Traffic Officer.
	Q	So that your job classification as of the time of the events that are the
subject of this lawsuit was the same as now, except that you were working out of
a different office. Is that correct?
	A	That's correct.
	Q	On that date, were you driving a black and white vehicle?
	A	No, I was not.
	Q	What were you driving?
	A	I wasn't driving.
	Q	What were you doing?
	A	I was riding as a passenger.
	Q	And in what kind of vehicle?
	A	A marked highway patrol vehicle.
	Q	A black and white vehicle?
	A	Yes.
	Q	And were you on duty at that time?
	A	I was.
	Q	Do you remember the identification number on the vehicle that you were
driving at that time?
	A	I don't recall that number.
	Q	What was the type of tour of duty that you were on?
	A	On the graveyard shift.
	Q	That's the time. What was the type? Were you on enforcement or what?
	A	Routine patrol.
	Q	Now, can you describe what routine patrol consists of?
	A	It consists of monitoring the freeways for vehicle code violations,
assisting the motoring public.
	Q	Monitoring traffic for vehicle code violations?
	A	Yes.
	Q	And you said you were assisting traffic. In what manner?
	A	Disabled motorists.
	Q	Anything else that is part of routine patrol that you can think of?
	A	No.

	THE COURT:  Mr. Jackson, the people may call their next witness.
	MR. STPHAO:  Thank you, your Honour. We are going to ask Anne Doe to step up
to the stand.
	THE COURT:  You do solemnly swear that the testimony you may give in cause now
pending before this court shall be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but
the truth, so help you God?
	THE WITNESS:  Yes.
	THE COURT:  Please be seated. Will you please state and spell your first and
last name for the record.
	THE WITNESS:  Anne Doe, A-n-n-e D-o-e.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Ms. Doe, I just have a couple of questions for you. Do you know who Joe
Ramsay is?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Who is Joe Ramsay?
	A	He is my brother.
	Q	How much older or younger are you than Joe Ramsay?
	A	I am seven years older than Joe.
	Q	Did you grow up with Joe?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Were you around when he was born?
	A	Yes.
	Q	And you were around all his life when he was growing up through adulthood?
	A	Yes. He was pretty much like my own son.
	Q	He was 26 when he was killed, correct?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Would you say that you were close to him? Distant?
	A	Very close.
	Q	Was Joe right-handed or left-handed?
	A	Right-handed.
	MR. STPHAO:  Thank you, that's all I have.
	THE COURT:   Mr. Yamamoto?
	MR. EUFPLT:  No questions.
	THE COURT:  Thank you, ma'am. You may step down. Next witness, Mr. Jackson.
	MR. STPHAO:  Thank you. I would ask Lieutenant Ed Allen to take the stand.
	THE COURT:  You do solemnly swear that the testimony you may give in the cause
may pending before this court shall be the truth, the whole truth, and nothing
but the truth, so help you God?
	THE WITNESS:  I do.
	THE COURT:  Please be seated. Will you please state and spell your first and
last name for the record.
	THE WITNESS:  Edward Allen, E-d-w-a-r-d A-l-l-e-n.

---

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	And where were you convicted of possession of stolen property?
	A	San Diego County.
	Q	And did you get a sentence to serve time?
	A	Yes.
	Q	What was the sentence and how long did you serve?
	A	32 months.
	Q	32 months was your sentence?
	A	Correct.
	Q	And how long did you actually serve?
	A	I did about two years four months.
	Q	So, about 28 months?
	A	Correct.
	Q	And what were the circumstances surrounding the possession of stolen
property?
	A	What do you mean by --
	Q	What was the stolen property?
	A	It was a credit card.
	Q	Whose credit card?
	A	I'm not sure.
	Q	How did you come to be in possession of the credit card which was stolen
property?
	A	It was in my vehicle.
	Q	How do you believe it came to be in your vehicle?
	A	Can you break that down a little more?
	Q	Sure.
	MR. STPHAO:  Who put it in your vehicle.
	THE WITNESS:  Well, okay. The guy I was with.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	And who was that guy?
	A	His name is Chris.
	Q	Do you know his last name?
	A	I don't remember.
	Q	And are you saying Chris put the stolen credit card in your vehicle?
	A	No, he possessed it in my vehicle.
	Q	Okay. And how was it discovered? Was there a traffic stop?
	A	I don't remember?
	A	Okay.
	MR. STPHAO:  Well, I would want more of an answer to that, personally. This is
a life event.
	THE WITNESS:  Okay.
	MR. STPHAO:  What caused -- what caused anybody to find a stolen credit card
in your vehicle? How did the police come to find the credit card in your
vehicle?
	THE WITNESS:  Searched it.
	MR. STPHAO:  And why did they stop and search your car? Was it a traffic stop?
	THE WITNESS:  No. I -- I don't remember. It was --
	MR. STPHAO:  Did you ever use the card?
	THE WITNESS:  No.
	MR. STPHAO:  Did you know there was a stolen credit card in your vehicle?
	THE WITNESS:  No.
	MR. STPHAO:  Because she had a prior, she was automatically guilty.
