oily, penny, phony, pony, prairie, rainy, scratchy, shaggy, shiny, sleepy,
sloppy, slouchy, smoky, smudgy, sneaky, sorry, specie, spicy, steamy, stuffy,
sweaty, toffee, trashy, tricky, trophy, valley, wavy, waxy

since, down, van, receipt, longer, always, said, enclosed, upon, book, morning,
business, number, people, place, receive

Three weeks ago, on the morning of August 15 at 10:30 a.m., Philip Bell drove
his car to a business meeting at the city centre. He then recorded in his daily
log that at 11:15 a.m., he proceeded to his place of business. Upon arriving at
his office, several people saw him sitting down at his desk. He did receive one
visitor, who stayed no longer than 10 minutes. Mr. Bell always left for lunch
promptly at 11:55. He always said lunch was the most important time to meet with
clients. Mr. Bell was last seen leaving his place of business at 12:01 p.m.
No one has seen him since. His car was found on Third Avenue with its motor
running. On the front seat was a receipt in the amount of $1,000. Underneath
the front seat, enclosed in a small briefcase, a revolver was found. The serial
numbers had been removed.

some of, which is, you have, until the, have been, have you, to go, it will, I
am, to the, if you were

Have you gone to see your doctor about some of those aches and pains you have
been having? You must have been very ill last Wednesday and Thursday if you were
unable to go to work. The pain which is still bothering you needs medical care.
And until the day you get some help, it will only get worse. If you have gone to
the doctor, I know you will feel better. And I am glad you followed my advice.

occasion, action, education, occupation, addition, vacation, commission,
conservation, portion, promotion, condition, construction

Did he receive a promotion? His promotion is effective Monday. When will
construction of the house begin? The construction crew consists of 12 men. A
portion of the testimony was stricken from the record. She received a small
portion of the estate. Matt's interested in the conservation of natural
resources. Where did you go on your vacation? My vacation starts on July 1st.
The Highway Commission is in the state building. Will you commission him for
the job? No action is necessary in this case. We will take action on the issue
next week. Where did you receive your higher education? Her general education
included English and history. What is your occupation? His occupation is a
carpenter. What is the condition of the vehicle? The addition is incorrect.
In addition, we need your signature. This is a special occasion. Did you have
occasion to observe your husband using any firearms or weapons?

The surveyor and the appraiser must be familiar with linear measurements. There
are 12 inches in a foot and 3 feet in 1 yard. 1 yard is equal to .9144 metres. A
rod is 16 feet. For racing enthusiasts, 40 rods in a furlong. A mile is equal to
1,609 metres, or 5,280 feet. 3 miles equal 4.83 kilometres.

---

Get a compass. People don't follow leaders who lack direction. Estée Lauder,
founder of the cosmetics company, has led thousands of employees to great
success. She claims that every business leader she knows puts a clear picture of
what he wants to achieve in his mind and stays focused on the picture. "People
want to follow those who promise and deliver success", she says. "Act the part.
Good leaders have learned to sound like winners. They may sometimes doubt
themselves, but they don't show it", says consultant Paula Burn. They act as if
they know where they're going. Leaders also know that appearance and manners
count. They are usually pleasant to be with. Their speech is polished. Their
demeanour unruffled and assured. Be competent. Knowledge is power, the saying
goes, and the best leaders know that their savvy is part of their charisma.
Competence galvanises people, and will make them look to you for guidance and
direction. Foster enthusiasm. When people understand the importance of work,
they lend their mental strength, says Lee Dunkant. But when they get excited
about the work, all their energy gets poured into their job. That's a massive
force. The best way to generate excitement is to be excited yourself. It's
contagious. Delegate. Chris Alger, a young divorced Florida mother, was too
busy getting her own life together to think about leading anyone anywhere. But
one day, she noticed how many people were going hungry in downtown Miami. She
returned that evening with a friend and twenty baloney sandwiches. The next
night, she brought more sandwiches. She began preparing soup and coffee and soon
it became apparent that she and her friend couldn't handle everything. I'd never
mobilised people before, but I had no choice, she said. Others were depending on
me to act. I picked up my phone. She became so visible that the internet and a
TV station did stories on her. The power of the press produced other volunteers
who donated money, contacts, and skills. Now volunteers make and serve 500
sandwiches a day as well as gallons of soup. It's not just me doing all of this,
she says, so many have become involved. I couldn't do it alone. Exactly, it's
her leadership.

Doctor Connor testified that there was nerve damage. On cross-examination, he
located the place of the nervous that were damaged. Where, do you recall, his
answer? He said at C-5. At C-5. Of course, C-5 refers to the cervical spine.
A nerve root in the cervical spine. So, ladies and gentlemen, I believe that
the medical testimony that you heard does establish the burden that Mr. Meso
had to meet. With reference to what took place anatomically at the time of the
accident, extent of his injuries, the need for treatment, his disability from
work, his need for future treatments, and ongoing disability. Now, at this time,
I would like to undertake a discussion of the value of the damages that Mr. Meso
suffered.

Property is the right and interest which one has in anything that is subject to
ownership. Property may be tangible or intangible. Visible or invisible. Movable
or immovable. Any person possessing property normally has the right to possess,
use, enjoy, and dispose of it. A right to property is not always exclusive, but
may be held by more than one person. Property is classified in terms of the
nature of the property interest as real or personal. Real property is normally
land and all things are affixed to it. Generally, real property is tangible,
immovable, and visible. Real property may include land, houses, trees, and
buildings. Personal property is generally defined as movables. Personal property
is sometimes defined as all things that are not classified as real property.
Personal property may include the following items: clothing, automobiles,
jewellery, furniture, and appliances. Intangible property includes goodwill,
aesthetic value, and in come cases works of art and music. In most instances,
intangible value is subjective value.

Change your perspective on the world and the world changes forever. There was a
chipmunk in my house, just sitting there in my bedroom, looking straight ahead.
I said "oh, you again". It was his third visit this year. My first attempt at
catching a chipmunk had been quite an adventure. "Bob", I'd say to my cat,
"get him". I followed with a broom and a bucket. The plan being that once Bob
cornered the chipmunk, I could sweep him up and set him free in the yard. So the
three of us ran circles around my bedroom. It was a Saturday morning, and here
I was inside a Tom and Jerry cartoon. This time, though, the chipmunk wasn't
afraid. He just sat there staring forward. He seemed to look right through me.
"I'm sorry", I said, "you'll have to go outside". I swished him into the bucket
with a magazine, then opened the window and put him out on the porch roof. But
instead of scurrying away, he just sat there, looking forward. Again, it was
eerie. He could have been in pain or maybe sick. He could have been like Alice,
the woman across the street. For months, Alice had sat on her front stoop,
looking forward to what, I wasn't sure. Alice is about 70, and lives alone in
the house where she was born. She watches me bouncing in and out of my house.
Charged with my days events, never slowing except when I muster enough courage
to look a chipmunk in the eye. "Are you dead?", I asked the chipmunk. Just then,
Bob the cat jumped out of a tree and on to the roof. "Beat it, Bob!", I said.
The cat nosed the chipmunk. The chipmunk bolted and fell off the roof. "Bob,
you big jerk!", I yelled. I ran downstairs and out the door. The chipmunk was
lying on his side. "Are you okay?", I asked. "Are you dead now?". He righted
himself up. He sat there on the brick payment and looked forward. None of his
adventures, the tumble through the sky, the thud on the pavement, could shake
this animal from his reverie. Alice was watching from he front steps. Her neck
raised high, wandering why I was talking to a chipmunk. "A chipmunk", I said.
"What's that?" "I have a little chipmunk here". "Oh", she said. I was the
longest conversion we'd had in some time. Alice hadn't talked much lately. She
stopped talking to me and the other neighbours about six months ago when her
sister died. We'd all noticed it. Once though, she had surprised me. "How you
doing, Alice?", I'd asked, all cheerful. "Can't complain" she'd replied, not
looking at me. This was where the conversation usually ended. "Well, good", I
said. "Nobody cares anyway", she added. "Oh, Alice, that is not true", I said.
"Well, I've been sad", Alice said. "Ever since Emily died, I've been very sad".
I offered a few clumsy bits of consolation, then turned away. It became an issue
with me. Every day I saw her, and every day I kicked myself for turning away
from Alice's grief, as if she were contagious, as if she were a rabid chipmunk.
I wasn't allowed to pick up, hold, or comfort. Eventually, the chipmunk began
behaving like a chipmunk and scurried out into the street. I scurried out, too.
So did Alice. The three of us looked at one another, bemused. Finally, Alice
said, "he's very lonely". The next thing I knew, the sun was going down and I
was in Alice's yard talking about her sister and other topics. It felt good to
be there. It felt like a victory. I had never really seen Alice's face close up.
No longer was she the sad, silent woman across the street. I studied the creases
in her skin, her wobbly jaw line, and her mouth. She was a different person. It
happens just like that. You change your perspective on the world, and the world
changes forever. Before I left, Alice picked up a shovel, dug up a peony, and
gave it to me. I planted it in my yard that very night.

---

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Okay. Now was there another dog with the one that ran with your brother?
	A	Yes.
	Q	And what was that other dog doing while the dog that ran at your brother was
barking at Max?
	A	It was across the dirt road barking at another dog.
	Q	Did the dog that was across the road barking at that other dog ever come
over to your house?
	A	I don't know.
	Q	How close do you -- let me start again. Did you see the dog that ran at your
brother get on your driveway?
	A	Yes.
	Q	I want you to look at photograph "E" and take the point of my pen and show
me where the dog that ran at your brother came when it got to your driveway?
	A	It was like right there.
	Q	So, it was on the left edge of the driveway? As we look into your house?
	A	Yes.
	Q	What did you do when the dog that ran at your brother got to the left edge
of your driveway?
	A	I backed away into the garage.
	Q	Why did you back away?
	A	To get away from the dog.
	Q	Why did you want to get away from it?
	A	I don't know.
	Q	How far into the garage did you go?
	A	I went all the way.
	Q	All the way up by the little door, that took you into the family room?
	A	No, I was, like, by the jeep. And it was, like, halfway out of the garage.
So, I was close to being out of the garage.
	Q	Were you in the middle of the garage?
	A	No.
	Q	Were you halfway between the house and the driveway?
	A	Yeah.
	Q	You said you were near the jeep?
	A	Yeah.
	Q	Where were you? Were you next to the passenger's door? The driver's door?
One of the tyres?
	A	One of the back tyres.
	Q	The front of the jeep, up next to the house, was it pointing to the street?
	A	It was pointing to the house.
	Q	What did the dog do when it got to the left edge of the driveway?
	A	I think it growled. It growled and barked.
	Q	Did it just stay there for a little bit?
	A	Yeah.
	Q	How long?
	A	I don't know. Like, half a minute. Between a minute and a half a minute.
	Q	That's when you backed partway into the garage?
	A	Yeah.
	MR. STPHAO:  Were there two cars in the garage.
	THE WITNESS:  No, just one.

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Did you make an estimate of his age at the time?
	A	No, I did not. I made the estimate of his age at the time the police were
questioning me about him.
	Q	Was there any particular features that you recall?
	A	As I recall, the individual had a scar somewhere on his face.
	Q	Looking at the individual in court here today, do you see a scar on the
face?
	A	I see no scars on this individual's face.
	Q	Where do you believe you saw a scar on the night in question?
	A	I believe that the scar may have been on the left side of his cheek.
	Q	Did you mention that to anyone?
	A	I mentioned it to the arresting officers. The people who were questioning me
at the time.
	Q	Did you notice a scar at the time the robbery took place?
	A	I did not notice the scar per se, but at the time when the police officers
were questioning me, I felt that the person who was carrying the rifle did have
a scar.
	Q	You are certain that at the time he exited the police squad car that this
individual did have a scar. Is that correct or not?
	A	Would you repeat that please?
	Q	Are you convinced at this time that person who stepped out of the squad car
had a scar on his face?
	A	No, I am not.

---

BY MR. NEMAN:
	Q	Okay. Let me be specific to this accident with regard to the area of impact.
You've indicated here on lines 13 through 27 the area of impact? Is that
correct?
	A	That is correct, yes.
	Q	And would you say that this would be an area once we go through this, that
would be within about a three foot accuracy. Does that sound accurate?
	A	A foot or two, yeah.
	MR. STANLEY:  Did you say "a foot or two"?
	THE WITNESS:  I would say so, yes.
BY MR. NEMAN:
	Q	Okay. And do you have the area of impact to the north or to the south of the
double yellow lines?
	A	It's to the south of the double yellow lines.
	Q	And by how much, if you know. Do you know?
	A	I'm not sure exactly the -- I believe that the roadway width was
approximately 12 feet. I'll look. I can look at the factual diagram that's
going to have the exact measurement. And I can go off of that if you'd like me
to.
	Q	Just tell me from your -- first of all, do you have a memory of seeing
anything on the roadway that causes you to say "oh, here is where the accident
happened"? Here is the area of impact?
	A	Yes, I do.
	Q	And what is it that tells you that?
	A	It was a tyre friction mark that was the same size as a motorcycle tyre.
	Q	You're talking about the tyre friction mark in the one you circled on -- on
7189 on Exhibit 14?
	A	No, there's another one.
	Q	Okay. Where -- okay. Which one is it?
	A	I'll try and find it for you. Let me look.
	Q	Yeah, go ahead and find the other tyre friction mark and let us know which
one it is.
	A	It's hard to tell in this picture. It's right there.
	Q	Go ahead and circle it with your red pen. Okay?
	A	Sure.

at the time TET T*ET
at that time TAT THA*T
at this time TIT TH*EUT
