baby, baggy, bloody, breezy, catchy, cheery, chewy, chilly, coffee, cookie,
dirty, edgy, fishy, foamy, foggy, funny, fussy, grassy, hairy, happy, hazy,
hobby, jelly, juicy, khaki, lacy, leafy, lucky, messy, mighty, money, movie,
noisy, nosy

Please be advised that your shipment of dinnerware was sent by our company on
January 11. The reason for the email is that we have not yet received your
payment in the amount of $227.20. Is it possible that you have put this bill
aside and forgotten about it? We cannot understand why we haven't heard from
you. Many of the best people overlook paying their bills, never realising that
old unpaid bills can greatly affect their credit standing. We feel the best
thing you could do right now is send us your payment. If your information is
incorrect, please advise our office manager. Thank you for your attention to
this matter.

can you, do you know, they have, what you, would have

Do you know where the Addams family has moved? They have not paid their last
month's rent on the apartment at 8530 West 16th Street. Can you help us locate
their whereabouts. They might be in this area but we would have no way of
knowing positively. If an opportunity presents itself, please let me know what
you know about their whereabouts. The only information we have is that they have
not closed their bank accounts.

interview, networks, intersection, interject, interior, intermittent, interfere,
entertain, interlocutory, intermission, interval, interrupt, enterprise,
cross-examination

When will you interview your client? The interview lasted 20 minutes. The
accident occurred at the intersection of Main and First streets. Is the signal
working at the intersection? The interior of the building needs paint. Taylor is
an interior decorator. Did you interject your ideas? Please let me interject my
thoughts. She was grant an interlocutory divorce decree. Don't interfere with
my plans. Did Joe interfere at the time of the arrest? The intermission lasted
15 minutes. There was no intermission during the during the play. Does the
noise interrupt your concentration? Please don't interrupt me. What is the time
interval between innings? After a short interval, he resumed cross-examination.
The weather report predicts cloudy skies with intermittent rain. David and
Jody like to entertain. Do you entertain any thoughts on the subject? The
business enterprise is owned and operated by my sister Cathy. Do you believe the
enterprise should manufacture new products and hire new employees?

13.95, 121.05, 18.2, 19.1, 7.678, 5.043

Write the following numbers that emphasise liquid and dry measurements. With
a short review of basic math, most people will remember that there are two
pints in a basic quart and four quarts in a gallon. One gallon is equal to
approximately 3.79 litres. There are 16 ounces or 7,000 grains in one pound. One
pound is equal to approximately 153.59 grams. 2,000 pounds equals 1 tonne. In
Great Britain, 2,240 pounds or 1,016.05 kilograms is equal to 1 long tonne. Did
you remember which is larger: a grain or a gram?

---

Most effective leaders are made, not born. Here are the skills you can
develop to motivate others. Being considered a leader in our society is the
ultimate complement. Leadership has become the universal Vitamin C pill, says
psychologist David Campbell of the Centre for Leadership in Colorado. People
seem to want mega-doses. No wonder. Leadership bestows power, commands respect,
and most important, fosters achievement. Unlike vitamins, leadership skills
can't be easily gulped down. They must be carefully cultivated. Contrary to
popular belief, most good leaders are made, not born. They hone their skills
in their everyday lives. But which do they cultivate? How do they get others
to follow? Always give credit. Many leaders note that the most effective way
to get a good performance is to treat others like heroes: giving public credit
to someone who has earned it is the best leadership technique in the world.
It is also an act of generosity that's never forgotten. Given credit is more
effective that even the most constructive criticism when I often hurts rather
than helps. Kenneth Blanchard, co-author of The One Minute Manager, agrees.
"Catch people doing something right", he says, "then tell everyone about it.
The loyalty you will generate is arguably the most important currency a leader
has. Take informed risks. The best leaders know that taking a risk is not a
thoughtless exercise, says consultant Marilyn Mock. Skydivers don't go up in
an airplane without checking the parachute beforehand. Because the idea of
risk also carries with it the possibly of failure, many of us tend to wait for
others to take charge. But, if you want to be a leader, you must learn to fail
and not die a thousand deaths. Pick yourself up and start all over again. Show
the way. In 2005, Lee Duckett was a Philadelphia homemaker with a child who had
just been found to have diabetes. Duckett decided to reach out to other mothers
of diabetic kids. But at first, no one wanted to talk. Finally, Duckett managed
to find three other mothers willing to share their experience and from that
beginning, she went on to lead a juvenile diabetes programme which currently
has 150 chapters worldwide. Duckett formed, and now heads, the National Disease
Research, which procures human tissue for vital research. Her secret: being a
role model. Have you ever noticed that if you smile at people, they smile back,
she asks. Well if you're giving, people want to give right back. If you're
sure-footed, they will want to follow in your footsteps. If you're confident
about reaching a goal, others echo that confidence and try to achieve it for
you. The best thing you can do is to get followers to mirror your actions.
Being what you wish them to be. Keep the faith. Successful leaders often say
"if you trust others to do well, they will. If, on the other hand, you believe
your people will fail, they will probably meet your expectations as well".
Businessman W.C. Clement Stone suggests that you express your faith in a letter.
He says "the president who writes of faith and commitment to his salespeople can
motivate them to break records. The teacher who writes notes of encouragement to
students can lead them to extraordinary heights. Having faith in someone gives
him self-confidence and pleasure. It may sound corny, but the experts agree it
works.

felony, punishable, imprisonment, accessory, custody, abets, solicits,
perpetrator, imposition, facilitates, misdemeanour, fingerprinted, warrant,
interrogated, photograph

Crimes may be classified as felonies or misdemeanours. A felony is a crime which
may be punishable by death or imprisonment. Misdemeanours include all other
crimes, and are punishable by a short jail sentence and the imposition of a
fine. A principle is considered an active perpetrator of the crime. An accessory
is a person who aids, abets, solicits, or facilitates the crime. When a person
is charged with the actual commission of a crime, a warrant may be issued for
the arrest of that individual. Once arrested, the accused is taken into custody
and fingerprinted, photographed, and interrogated.

Ladies and gentlemen, there is not one iota of evidence that Mr. Meso had pain
in that shoulder or in the neck before the injury in this case. So, we suggest,
in accordance with my comments a little earlier about what to do when there is
a contradiction. We suggest that when a physician renders an opinion, but gives
no basis in fact for that opinion, and, furthermore, where there is no basis
in the record for that opinion, that opinion does not deserve recognition. Dr.
Connor, in this regard, again, he was called as an expert at the last moment.
The plaintiff was claiming an injury to the cervical spine. In the cervical
spine. Let's face it, what is bothering this gentleman are not x-ray findings.
Yes, there were x-ray findings on the shoulder, he got along very well with
that arm through the years. It is the pain that has resulted from the injury
of this case. It is the pain that keeps him up at night. That causes him to go
into traction. That limits him in his physical activities at home and on the
job. Pain in the neck, radiating outward. Numbness in the hand. So, when this
gentleman is sent to an expert for the purpose of giving an opinion and analysis
of what extent he was injured in that accident, then, and what extent of claims
of the neck injury and neck pain. These are valid, naturally, and you would
expect a physician to give an opinion about his neck pain. Dr. Connor testified
that he was not giving any opinion about Mr. Meso's neck pain. He did not have
an opinion. The test that Dr. Connor took is entirely consistent -- entirely
consistent. That was an objective test that was done by way of needles. And I am
not going to go through the manner that the test was done. We all heard comments
about it a few times in this trial. But the point is that Mr. Meso not only
demonstrated atrophy of the shoulder girdle muscles on a visual inspection, the
test that Dr. Connor took was positive.

Saving on taxes involves the detailed task of record keeping. An important
element of complete tax planning is to establish a good record keeping system.
Your detailed records will help you to compute your income and deductions in the
end of the year and to plan for the future. With receipts accumulating during
the year, there is a tendency to overlook certain items. You must have a record
to present to the IRS if you're audited. The establishment of a comprehensive
record keeping system will ensure completeness and accuracy and will also
eliminate any problems at tax time. After you have collected your monthly
chequing account statements, segregate all the tax related receipts, keeping
one year separate from others. If your occupation involves travel, meals, or
entertainment of clients, you should keep a daily log in your computer or
journal of these expenses. If you own your home or have other investments,
such as stocks and bonds, plan your investments in order to minimise gains at
tax time. If you use your home as your office, you may take deductions for
business-related expenses. The retention of past tax returns is important in
the event you are audited. Previous tax returns may be necessary if you plan
to income average. All interest statements should be retained in case you are
audited. Tax records should be kept for a minimum of three years. The IRS may go
back as far as three years to question a return.

---

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	That looks to you like the dog that ran at your brother?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Okay. Now, you're also holding photograph "I". See that capital "I" right
there?
	A	Uh-huh.
	Q	Does the dog in photograph "I" look like the dog who ran at your brother?
	A	No.
	Q	Did you see the dog that ran at your brother a couple minutes before it ran
at your brother?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Where was that dog?
	A	It was barking at Max by the corner of the fence.
	Q	Was it barking at another dog, too?
	A	No. The other dog was barking at the dog across the dirt road.
	Q	Okay. When the dog that ran at your brother was barking at Max, did you have
some of your other dogs in the yard with Max?
	A	No.
	Q	Okay. Did you have Lace at the time of this accident?
	A	I don't know.
	Q	What about Honey? Was Honey one of the dogs in the family when this
happened?
	A	I think so.
	Q	Do you know where Honey was?
	A	No.
	Q	Do you know where Lace was?
	A	No.
	Q	Did Lace or Honey have puppies at the time of this?
	A	No.
	Q	When were the puppies born?
	A	I don't know.
	Q	So, you don't know where Max or Honey was at the time of the accident?
	A	No.
	Q	When you first saw the dog that later ran at your brother, where were you?
	A	I was right there.
	Q	Okay. Now you're pointing to photograph "F". Can you take the point of my
pen and just show approximately where you were standing?
	A	I was standing right there, where the branches are open and a little bit
inside the garage.
	Q	Where were you looking?
	A	I was looking this way.
	Q	Okay. On photograph "E", you were looking to the left side of that
photograph?
	A	Yes.
	Q	How long did Max and the dog that ran at your brother bark at each other?
	A	I don't know. Like, three or five minutes.
	Q	What did you do in this three to five minutes they were barking at each
other?
	A	Just watched.
	MR. EUFPLT:  Were you scared?
	THE WITNESS:  No.
BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Did the two dogs just growl at each other?
	A	No, they barked and growled.

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	After the individual that had the rifle was apprehended outside the store,
how long a time did you have to look at him?
	A	After he was apprehended?
	Q	After the apprehension.
	A	While he was being apprehended, I walked back into the store because I felt
he was under police custody. They came in and asked me a number of questions
about the robbery and asked if I could identify the individual. I went out and
they took the individual out of the squad car and asked if I could identify him.
It seems to me that that was the man who was carrying the rifle at the time of
the robbery.
	Q	Nothing further.
	THE COURT:  Counsel. Cross.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	Was it light out where they asked you to look at him? Was the area well lit?
	A	The area immediately in front of the store is very well lit from the store
lights. We don't have any parking lot lights, but the store is brightly lit and
they were immediately in front of the store.
	Q	Were you able to tell the colour of the hair of the individual in the squad
car at that time?
	MR. STPHAO:  Your Honour, I believe that misstates evidence. I believe he said
the individual was out of the squad car.
	THE COURT:  Sustained.
BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	When he was out of the squad car, were you able to tell the colour?
	A	I was not able to tell the exact colour but I know it was dark hair.

BY MRS. WRANGLER:
	Q	And you were the one who wrote up the information about the area of impact.
Is that correct?
	A	Yes. That is correct.
	Q	And did you write that up -- what page was that on? I think it's on page 23.
Is that right?
	A	That's correct.
	Q	And in trying, what you did was to try and determine the area of impact. Is
that correct?
	A	Yes, that is correct.
	Q	Now, I think you folks in the police used to use the term "point of impact".
	A	Okay.
	Q	It may have been before your time. I think I'm starting to date myself. Have
you ever heard of that term, "point of impact"?
	A	I've heard it used before, but we don't use it anymore.
	Q	Your training was to use the term "area of impact"?
	A	That is correct.
	Q	That's because it's really hard when you're doing an investigation of an
accident like this to determine, quote, "the point of an impact"?
	A	Well, I'm not sure what the difference is between "point of impact" and
"area of impact" and why they actually changed it, to be honest with you.
	Q	So you don't know the difference between "point of impact" and "area of
impact". Is that right?
	A	Yes, that's right. I just go off of the area of impact which is the
approximate area.
	Q	Okay. I guess that's kind of my point and I think that's why they did it.
But I'll let that be for another witness. Okay, new question. You understand the
term "area of impact" is not so specific, so as to include a precise point. Is
that correct?
	A	That is correct.
	Q	It's an area -- it's been described to me by other officers as being, you
know, somewhere in the three-foot range. Is that what you'd agree with, too?
	A	I try to figure out where exactly it is. But you can't be exact.
