244 9,224 9,090 249 94 2747 5523 2710 7,572 255 25 735 3,911 8,235 9,757 6,592
7,593 7,579

Fords, Chevrolets, Buicks, Toyotas, Oldsmobiles, Mercuries are medium priced
domestic automobiles. Cadillacs and Lincolns are more expensive domestic cars.
The Saab, the Volvo, the Volkswagen, the Mercedes, and the BMW are all European
cars. The Honda and the Mazda are Japanese cars. Rolls Royces, Jaguars, and
Ferraris are luxury cars. Bentleys are also considered to be luxury cars.

April 13, July 12, May 14, August 16, July 18, April 21, April 1, April 21, July
21, January 22, February 23, March 24, April 26, May 28, June 2, July 4, August
10, September 15, October 20

I will return in a while. She left awhile ago. Did she accept your proposal? All
members were present except Tom. He always acts that way. She was killed with an
axe. The ad was in the paper. Add the column of figures.

---

As I examined and opened the box, I started seeing familiar logos on the package
and leaflets promoting the company's newest professional writer at the time. I
just thought they were advertising their newest and best to the lowly student,
but then I was able to see it. I was receiving the full blown professional
writer. I screamed as loud as a teenager in a boy band stadium. As a tech nerd,
I secretly had my heart set on this model when I graduated school, but now I was
holding it in my hands: bright, shiny, and new. I felt like I was given the keys
to a formula one car and was told to go racing.

Members of the jury, if you find that the plaintiff was unlawfully evicted,
and obliged to leave the premises without notice, by reasons of the wrongful
acts of the defendant, then you may consider whether or not, under all the
circumstances, the plaintiff the entitled what are known as "punitive damages".
Such damages are by way of punishment. That is, to punish the wrongdoer for his
wrongful and unlawful acts, and keep him from committing like offences in the
future. You may take all the facts and circumstances into consideration, and
then award such an amount for punitive damages as you feel would be fair and
just under the circumstances. Punitive damages are allowed only when one does
an act wrongfully and maliciously. In the contemplation of the law, where one
interferes with the rights of another knowingly and purposely, if at the same
time he knows it is wrong and unlawful, then it is malicious. Punitive damages
should not be excessive and should be reasonable. They should be fitted to all
the facts and circumstances of the case.

To top it all off, Dan then explained that he called my school to ask which
theory I was using so that he was able to pick the correct keypad setup for my
writer. After I got everything working the way I wanted it to, I was passing
tests and flying through the next few speed levels faster than I ever thought
I could. I never thought in a million years that I would have a fairy tale
moment like this. I got to experience the joy of seeing my pumpkin, in this
case, the avocado, turn into a sleek, brilliant, steno chariot. All thanks
to my boyfriend. It gives me great pleasure to inform you that seven years
later, I graduated court reporting school, passed my test, got my California
state license, and celebrated my second wedding anniversary with Dan. I feel
comfortable saying that he and I are living happily ever after.

It rests entirely with you whether or not you should award any such damages.
If you do, they should be fair and reasonable. The jury are the sole judges of
the facts in the case the credibility of the witnesses and the weight to be
given to their testimony. If anything that the court may have said throughout
the trial or anything that the court may say in the instructions, the court has
not intended and does not now intend to express any opinion on the facts of the
case, upon the credibility of the witnesses, or the weight to be given to their
testimony. Furthermore, the court instructs the jury that you have a right to
consider all the evidence in the light of your own observation and experience in
the affairs of life.

This fall, I went hiking with my sister in the Daniel Boone National Forest
located in Kentucky. We planned ahead and mapped out the trails we wanted to
take to reach Gray's Arch, one of the most spectacular arches in the Red River
Gorge area. After hiking four miles over somewhat difficult trails and not
finding the arch, we returned to the car to eat lunch. At that point, we saw
another trail that indicated that the arch was 1.2 miles ahead. My sense of
motivation kicked in. Yes, we were tired, it was hot, and we were somewhat
skeptical because the other mapped trails had not gotten us where we wanted to
go. But, there was no way I was going back to Pennsylvania without seeing Gray's
Arch. Grit and determination took over and motivated us to hike a few more miles
to accomplish our mission.

Ladies and gentlemen, it is the law of this state that whenever a motor vehicle
is operated under -- upon any street, or highway of this state, by any person
other than the owner, with the consent of the owner, express or implied, the
operator thereof shall, in case of accident deemed the agent of the owner of
such vehicle in the operation thereof. Therefore, the operation of a vehicle on
a public highway by one who is not the owner creates and justifies an inference
that the vehicle is being used for the owner and with his authority until and
unless such inference is overcome with other evidence. Deviation from the
regular course of duty does not necessarily take the employee out of the scope
of his employment. If the employee combines his own business with that of his
employer, and is attending to both at the same time, then he is still within the
scope of his employment. The test of liability of the employer is whether at the
time of the accident the employee was performing some act in furtherance of his
employer's business as well as in his own interest.

---

BY MR. STPHAO:
	Q	Why did you keep turning around? Why did you do that?
	A	I was wondering what they were motioning for. I thought someone was behind
me, because I had been waiting for Vi to come by with my money at my house.
	Q	I see. When you turned around, you didn't see anybody behind you, did you?
	A	No.
	Q	When you turned around to go back toward the liquor store, is that right?
	A	Yeah, that's right. That's when I saw the red light flashing on.
	Q	Then you turned back again -- you turned to go back to your house?
	A	That's right. That's when the police flashed the light on me.
	Q	Why did you turn around the second time?
	A	Why did I turn around the second time? What do you mean?
	Q	Well, when you saw the light, didn't you turn around and walk back toward
your house?
	A	After I saw the light flashing from the reflection from the pavement, then I
turned around to go back home.
	Q	You decided to go back home after you saw the light on the pavement, is that
it?
	A	Yeah. I knew that I had a pistol on me, then, you know, the police would
pick me up and carry me to jail for carrying a pistol.
	Q	That's the only reason you turned around, is that right?
	A	To go home.
	Q	You wanted to go home before the police saw that you had a gun?
	A	Yeah, right. I didn't want to go to jail.

BY MR. EUFPLT:
	Q	On any given day during that period of time, you were equally likely to be
driving the Ford pick up or the Toyota?
	A	Yes.
	Q	Did you -- did it depend on what you were doing for work that day?
	A	Right.
	Q	Did you and your wife share equally in the use of the Toyota and the Ford
pick up?
	A	My wife didn't use the Ford pick up.
	Q	What did she drive if you were using the Toyota?
	A	She was driving her Accord.
	Q	So, that was another vehicle as well?
	A	Yeah.
	Q	What year and model was that?
	A	It's an '01 or '02.
	Q	Your best estimate?
	A	I think an '02.
	Q	Do you know Daryl Fry?
	A	Right, yes.
	Q	Where does he live?
	A	He lives in Oak Glen.
	Q	Do you know his address?
	A	No. He lives on Milton Street, but I don't know the exact number.
	Q	Phone number?
	A	944-8312. 944-8132 -- no, it's -- it is 944-8213.
	Q	What was your speed at the time you entered the intersection of Highland and
Mission in -- on the day of the accident?
	A	I would guess about 30 miles an hour.
	Q	Is that your best estimate?
	A	Yeah.
	Q	What is your estimate based upon?
	A	Well, I knew there was -- I knew there was an intersection there, so I doubt
if I would have attempted to go through an intersection any faster than that. It
could have been faster than 30. I don't know.
	Q	Do you have any idea whatsoever what your speed was?
	A	Pardon me?
	Q	Are you guessing? I'm not arguing with you but sometimes people put two and
two together in their mind and draw a conclusion that this is what they always
do or normally do. I'm trying to distinguish what you can testify with certainty
based upon your recollection versus something you think is likely to have
occurred, just because you've done it in the past. With that as a basis, do you
recall your travel through the intersection such that you can testify under oath
that your speed was approximately 30 miles per hour?
	A	No.

---

BY MR. MORRIS:
	Q	I've already mentioned that your under penalty of perjury. So we don't want
any lies under oath. Give us your best testimony. Do you have any questions
before we again?
	A	What do I do to signal for a break? Just tell you I need a break?
	Q	Absolutely.
	A	Okay.
	Q	If you need a break at any time, just tell us. You're welcome to take a
break. That break can be if you need a breath of fresh air, to go to the
bathroom, or you simply need to talk to your attorney about something. There's
no problem with breaks?
	A	I'd like to stand up, too. I get cramped if I get up and walk around, is
that going to be a problem.
	Q	That's fine. Anything that makes you feel comfortable in here. Please feel
free to stand up, take a break, ask us to pause, whatever makes you comfortable
in giving your best testimony?
	A	Okay, thank you.
	Q	Okay, great, thank you. That's all -- that's exactly what we need. Ms.
White, have you had a chance to meet with Mr. Wilson, your attorney, today
before the depo to prepare for the depo?
	A	Yes.
	Q	And can you tell me how much time you spent preparing the depo with Mr.
Wilson?
	A	One hour.
	Q	Okay. And can you tell me if you came here from your home this morning?
	A	Yes.
	Q	And can you tell me your home address?
	A	42971 West Valley Road, Baker 95412.
	Q	Okay.
⇥·MR. MORRIS:  And Mr. Wilson, can we stipulate --
	MR. WILSON:  Yes.
	MR. MORRIS:  -- to use Google Maps for the mileage?
	MR. WILSON:  Absolutely. What was the ZIP code in Baker.
	THE WITNESS:  95412.
BY MR. WILSON:
	Q	When did you move there?
	A	I moved March last year.
	Q	I'm still showing the other address on my computer?
	A	That's my PO box.
